"structured-search"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Queries any and all compartments in the tenancy to find resources that
match the specified criteria. A structured search includes a request
that uses Search's structured query language to specify query
conditions that the resource must meet. For information about using
structured queries, see Search Language Syntax in the Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure User Guide. Results include resources that you have
permission to view and can span different resource types. You can also
sort results based on a specified resource attribute.


Usage
=====

   oci search resource structured-search [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--query-text [text]

The structured query describing which resources to search for.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return. The value must be between 1 and
1000.

--matching-context-type [text]

The type of matching context returned in the response. If you specify
*HIGHLIGHTS*, then the service will highlight fragments in its
response. (For more information, see ResourceSummary.searchContext and
SearchContext.) The default setting is *NONE*.

Accepted values are:

   HIGHLIGHTS, NONE

--page [text]

The page at which to start retrieving results.

--tenant-id [text]

The tenancy ID, which can be used to specify a different tenancy (for
cross-tenancy authorization) when searching for resources in a
different tenancy.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
