"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the boot volume backups in the specified compartment. You can
filter the results by boot volume.


Usage
=====

   oci bv boot-volume-backup list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--boot-volume-id [text]

The OCID of the boot volume.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given display name
exactly.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to only return resources that match the given lifecycle
state. The state value is case-insensitive.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, CREATING, FAULTY, REQUEST_RECEIVED, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending. Default order for
DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

**Note:** In general, some "List" operations (for example,
*ListInstances*) let you optionally filter by availability domain if
the scope of the resource type is within a single availability domain.
If you call one of these "List" operations without specifying an
availability domain, the resources are grouped by availability domain,
then sorted.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*). The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-boot-volume-backup-id [text]

A filter to return only resources that originated from the given
source boot volume backup.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
