"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new secret key for the specified user. Secret keys are used
for authentication with the Object Storage Service's Amazon S3
compatible API. The secret key consists of an Access Key/Secret Key
pair. For information, see Managing User Credentials.

You must specify a *description* for the secret key (although it can
be an empty string). It does not have to be unique, and you can change
it anytime with UpdateCustomerSecretKey.

Every user has permission to create a secret key for *their own user
ID*. An administrator in your organization does not need to write a
policy to give users this ability. To compare, administrators who have
permission to the tenancy can use this operation to create a secret
key for any user, including themselves.


Usage
=====

   oci iam customer-secret-key create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

The name you assign to the secret key during creation. Does not have
to be unique, and it's changeable.

--user-id [text]

The OCID of the user.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
