"from-existing-db-system"
*************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new Data Guard association using an existing DB System.  A
Data Guard association represents the replication relationship between
the specified database and a peer database. For more information, see
Using Oracle Data Guard.

All Oracle Cloud Infrastructue resources, including Data Guard
associations, get an Oracle-assigned, unique ID called an Oracle Cloud
Identifier (OCID). When you create a resource, you can find its OCID
in the response. You can also retrieve a resource's OCID by using a
List API operation on that resource type, or by viewing the resource
in the Console. Fore more information, see Resource Identifiers.


Usage
=====

   oci db data-guard-association create from-existing-db-system [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--creation-type [text]

Specifies whether to create the peer database in an existing DB system
or in a new DB system.

--database-admin-password [text]

A strong password for the *SYS*, *SYSTEM*, and *PDB Admin* users to
apply during standby creation.

The password must contain no fewer than nine characters and include:

* At least two uppercase characters.

* At least two lowercase characters.

* At least two numeric characters.

* At least two special characters. Valid special characters include
  "_", "#", and "-" only.

**The password MUST be the same as the primary admin password.**

--database-id [text]

The database OCID.

--peer-db-system-id [text]

The OCID of the DB System to create the standby database on.

--protection-mode [text]

The protection mode to set up between the primary and standby
databases. For more information, see Oracle Data Guard Protection
Modes in the Oracle Data Guard documentation.

**IMPORTANT** - The only protection mode currently supported by the
Database service is MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE.

Accepted values are:

   MAXIMUM_AVAILABILITY, MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE, MAXIMUM_PROTECTION

--transport-type [text]

The redo transport type to use for this Data Guard association.  Valid
values depend on the specified *protectionMode*:

* MAXIMUM_AVAILABILITY - SYNC or FASTSYNC * MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE -
  ASYNC * MAXIMUM_PROTECTION - SYNC

For more information, see Redo Transport Services in the Oracle Data
Guard documentation.

**IMPORTANT** - The only transport type currently supported by the
Database service is ASYNC.

Accepted values are:

   ASYNC, FASTSYNC, SYNC


Optional Parameters
===================

--database-software-image-id [text]

The database software image OCID

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--peer-db-home-id [text]

The OCID of the DB Home to create the standby database on.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
