"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets a list of all TSIG keys in the specified compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci dns tsig-key list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment the resource belongs to.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

The OCID of a resource.

--lifecycle-state [text]

The state of a resource.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a page of the collection.

--name [text]

The name of a resource.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
"List" call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--scope [text]

Specifies to operate only on resources that have a matching DNS scope.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, PRIVATE

--sort-by [text]

The field by which to sort TSIG keys. If unspecified, defaults to
*timeCreated*.

Accepted values are:

   name, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The order to sort the resources.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
