"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns a list of Management Agent installed Keys.


Usage
=====

   oci management-agent install-key list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment from which the Management Agents to be
listed.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Value of this is always "ACCESSIBLE" and any other value is not
supported.

--all

Fetches all pages of results.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

if set to true then it fetches install key for all compartments where
user has access to else only on the compartment specified.

--display-name [text]

The display name for which the Key needs to be listed.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

Filter to return only Management Agents in the particular lifecycle
state.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, TERMINATED, UPDATING

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeCreated is descending. Default order for displayName is
ascending. If no value is specified timeCreated is default.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either 'asc' or 'desc'.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
