"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a custom SSL cipher suite.


Usage
=====

   oci lb ssl-cipher-suite create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--ciphers [complex type]

A list of SSL ciphers the load balancer must support for HTTPS or SSL
connections.

The following ciphers are valid values for this property:

* __TLSv1.2 >>ciphers__<<

     "AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "AES128-SHA256"         "AES256-GCM-
     SHA384"         "AES256-SHA256"         "DH-DSS-AES128-GCM-
     SHA256"         "DH-DSS-AES128-SHA256"         "DH-DSS-AES256
     -GCM-SHA384"         "DH-DSS-AES256-SHA256"         "DH-RSA-
     AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "DH-RSA-AES128-SHA256"         "DH-
     RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384"         "DH-RSA-AES256-SHA256"
     "DHE-DSS-AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "DHE-DSS-AES128-SHA256"
     "DHE-DSS-AES256-GCM-SHA384"         "DHE-DSS-AES256-SHA256"
     "DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256"
     "DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384"         "DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256"
     "ECDH-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "ECDH-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256"
     "ECDH-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384"         "ECDH-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384"
     "ECDH-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "ECDH-RSA-AES128-SHA256"
     "ECDH-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384"         "ECDH-RSA-AES256-SHA384"
     "ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256"         "ECDHE-ECDSA-
     AES128-SHA256"         "ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384"
     "ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384"         "ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256"
     "ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256"         "ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384"
     "ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384"

* __TLSv1 ciphers also supported by >>TLSv1.2__<<

     "AES128-SHA"         "AES256-SHA"         "CAMELLIA128-SHA"
     "CAMELLIA256-SHA"         "DES-CBC3-SHA"         "DH-DSS-
     AES128-SHA"         "DH-DSS-AES256-SHA"         "DH-DSS-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA"         "DH-DSS-CAMELLIA256-SHA"         "DH-
     DSS-DES-CBC3-SHAv"         "DH-DSS-SEED-SHA"         "DH-RSA-
     AES128-SHA"         "DH-RSA-AES256-SHA"         "DH-RSA-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA"         "DH-RSA-CAMELLIA256-SHA"         "DH-
     RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA"         "DH-RSA-SEED-SHA"         "DHE-DSS-
     AES128-SHA"         "DHE-DSS-AES256-SHA"         "DHE-DSS-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA"         "DHE-DSS-CAMELLIA256-SHA"         "DHE-
     DSS-DES-CBC3-SHA"         "DHE-DSS-SEED-SHA"         "DHE-RSA-
     AES128-SHA"         "DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA"         "DHE-RSA-
     CAMELLIA128-SHA"         "DHE-RSA-CAMELLIA256-SHA"         "DHE-
     RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA"         "DHE-RSA-SEED-SHA"         "ECDH-ECDSA-
     AES128-SHA"         "ECDH-ECDSA-AES256-SHA"         "ECDH-ECDSA-
     DES-CBC3-SHA"         "ECDH-ECDSA-RC4-SHA"         "ECDH-RSA-
     AES128-SHA"         "ECDH-RSA-AES256-SHA"         "ECDH-RSA-DES-
     CBC3-SHA"         "ECDH-RSA-RC4-SHA"         "ECDHE-ECDSA-
     AES128-SHA"         "ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA"         "ECDHE-
     ECDSA-DES-CBC3-SHA"         "ECDHE-ECDSA-RC4-SHA"         "ECDHE-
     RSA-AES128-SHA"         "ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA"         "ECDHE-
     RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA"         "ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA"         "IDEA-CBC-
     SHA"         "KRB5-DES-CBC3-MD5"         "KRB5-DES-CBC3-SHA"
     "KRB5-IDEA-CBC-MD5"         "KRB5-IDEA-CBC-SHA"
     "KRB5-RC4-MD5"         "KRB5-RC4-SHA"         "PSK-3DES-EDE-CBC-
     SHA"         "PSK-AES128-CBC-SHA"         "PSK-AES256-CBC-SHA"
     "PSK-RC4-SHA"         "RC4-MD5"         "RC4-SHA"         "SEED-
     SHA"

example: *["ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384","ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-
SHA384","ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256"]* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the associated load balancer.

--name [text]

A friendly name for the SSL cipher suite. It must be unique and it
cannot be changed.

**Note:** The name of your user-defined cipher suite must not be the
same as any of Oracle's predefined or           reserved SSL cipher
suite names:

* oci-default-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-modern-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 *
  oci-compatible-ssl-cipher-suite-v1 * oci-wider-compatible-ssl-
  cipher-suite-v1 * oci-customized-ssl-cipher-suite

example: *example_cipher_suite*


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
