"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new auth token for the specified user. For information about
what auth tokens are for, see Managing User Credentials.

You must specify a *description* for the auth token (although it can
be an empty string). It does not have to be unique, and you can change
it anytime with UpdateAuthToken.

Every user has permission to create an auth token for *their own user
ID*. An administrator in your organization does not need to write a
policy to give users this ability. To compare, administrators who have
permission to the tenancy can use this operation to create an auth
token for any user, including themselves.


Usage
=====

   oci iam auth-token create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--description [text]

The description you assign to the auth token during creation. Does not
have to be unique, and it's changeable.

--user-id [text]

The OCID of the user.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
