"list-clones"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the Autonomous Database clones for the specified Autonomous
Database.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-database list-clones [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-database-id [text]

The database OCID.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The compartment OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--clone-type [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given clone type
exactly.

Accepted values are:

   REFRESHABLE_CLONE

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given. The match is not case sensitive.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given lifecycle state
exactly.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, AVAILABLE_NEEDS_ATTENTION, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RECREATING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORE_IN_PROGRESS, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, SCALE_IN_PROGRESS, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return per page.

--page [text]

The pagination token to continue listing from.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by.  You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending.  Default order for
DISPLAYNAME is ascending. The DISPLAYNAME sort order is case
sensitive.

**Note:** If you do not include the availability domain filter, the
resources are grouped by availability domain, then sorted.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, NONE, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
