"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates one or more attributes of the specified Autonomous Database.
See the UpdateAutonomousDatabaseDetails resource for a full list of
attributes that can be updated.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-database update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-database-id [text]

The database OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--admin-password [text]

The password must be between 12 and 30 characters long, and must
contain at least 1 uppercase, 1 lowercase, and 1 numeric character. It
cannot contain the double quote symbol (") or the username "admin",
regardless of casing. It must be different from the last four
passwords and it must not be a password used within the last 24 hours.

--are-primary-whitelisted-ips-used [boolean]

This field will be null if the Autonomous Database is not Data Guard
enabled or Access Control is disabled. It's value would be *TRUE* if
Autonomous Database is Data Guard enabled and Access Control is
enabled and if the Autonomous Database uses primary IP access control
list (ACL) for standby. It's value would be *FALSE* if Autonomous
Database is Data Guard enabled and Access Control is enabled and if
the Autonomous Database uses different IP access control list (ACL)
for standby compared to primary.

--cpu-core-count [integer]

The number of CPU cores to be made available to the database.

--data-storage-size-in-tbs [integer]

The size, in terabytes, of the data volume that will be attached to
the database.

--db-name [text]

New name for this Autonomous Database. For databases using dedicated
Exadata infrastructure, the name must begin with an alphabetic
character, and can contain a maximum of eight alphanumeric characters.
Special characters are not permitted. For databases using shared
Exadata infrastructure, the name must begin with an alphabetic
character, and can contain a maximum of 14 alphanumeric characters.
Special characters are not permitted. The database name must be unique
in the tenancy.

--db-version [text]

A valid Oracle Database version for Autonomous Database.

--db-workload [text]

The Autonomous Database workload type. The following values are valid:

* OLTP - indicates an Autonomous Transaction Processing database -
  DW - indicates an Autonomous Data Warehouse database - AJD -
  indicates an Autonomous JSON Database - APEX - indicates an
  Autonomous Database with the Oracle APEX Application Development
  workload type.

Accepted values are:

   AJD, APEX, DW, OLTP

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

The user-friendly name for the Autonomous Database. The name does not
have to be unique. Can only be updated for Autonomous Databases using
dedicated Exadata infrastructure.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--is-acl-enabled [boolean]

Indicates if the database-level access control is enabled. If
disabled, database access is defined by the network security rules. If
enabled, database access is restricted to the IP addresses defined by
the rules specified with the *whitelistedIps* property. While
specifying *whitelistedIps* rules is optional,  if database-level
access control is enabled and no rules are specified, the database
will become inaccessible. The rules can be added later using the
*UpdateAutonomousDatabase* API operation or edit option in console.
When creating a database clone, the desired access control setting
should be specified. By default, database-level access control will be
disabled for the clone.

This property is applicable only to Autonomous Databases on the
Exadata Cloud@Customer platform.

--is-auto-scaling-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether to enable or disable auto scaling for the Autonomous
Database OCPU core count. Setting to *true* enables auto scaling.
Setting to *false* disables auto scaling. The default value is true.
Auto scaling is available for databases on shared Exadata
infrastructure only.

--is-data-guard-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether the Autonomous Database has Data Guard enabled.

--is-free-tier [boolean]

Indicates if this is an Always Free resource. The default value is
false. Note that Always Free Autonomous Databases have 1 CPU and 20GB
of memory. For Always Free databases, memory and CPU cannot be scaled.

--is-refreshable-clone [boolean]

Indicates whether the Autonomous Database is a refreshable clone.

--license-model [text]

The Oracle license model that applies to the Oracle Autonomous
Database. Bring your own license (BYOL) allows you to apply your
current on-premises Oracle software licenses to equivalent, highly
automated Oracle PaaS and IaaS services in the cloud. License Included
allows you to subscribe to new Oracle Database software licenses and
the Database service. Note that when provisioning an Autonomous
Database on dedicated Exadata infrastructure, this attribute must be
null because the attribute is already set at the Autonomous Exadata
Infrastructure level. When using shared Exadata infrastructure, if a
value is not specified, the system will supply the value of
*BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE*.

Accepted values are:

   BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE, LICENSE_INCLUDED

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--nsg-ids [complex type]

A list of the OCIDs of the network security groups (NSGs) that this
resource belongs to. Setting this to an empty array after the list is
created removes the resource from all NSGs. For more information about
NSGs, see Security Rules. **NsgIds restrictions:** - Autonomous
Databases with private access require at least 1 Network Security
Group (NSG). The nsgIds array cannot be empty. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--open-mode [text]

The *DATABASE OPEN* mode. You can open the database in *READ_ONLY* or
*READ_WRITE* mode.

Accepted values are:

   READ_ONLY, READ_WRITE

--permission-level [text]

The Autonomous Database permission level. Restricted mode allows
access only to admin users.

Accepted values are:

   RESTRICTED, UNRESTRICTED

--private-endpoint-label [text]

The private endpoint label for the resource. Setting this to an empty
string, after the private endpoint database gets created, will change
the same private endpoint database to the public endpoint database.

--refreshable-mode [text]

The refresh mode of the clone. AUTOMATIC indicates that the clone is
automatically being refreshed with data from the source Autonomous
Database.

Accepted values are:

   AUTOMATIC, MANUAL

--standby-whitelisted-ips [complex type]

The client IP access control list (ACL). This feature is available for
autonomous databases on shared Exadata infrastructure and on Exadata
Cloud@Customer. Only clients connecting from an IP address included in
the ACL may access the Autonomous Database instance.

For shared Exadata infrastructure, this is an array of CIDR (Classless
Inter-Domain Routing) notations for a subnet or VCN OCID. Use a
semicolon (;) as a deliminator between the VCN-specific subnets or
IPs. Example: *["1.1.1.1","1.1.1.0/24","ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id>
","ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id1>;1.1.1.1","ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique
_id2>;1.1.0.0/16"]* For Exadata Cloud@Customer, this is an array of IP
addresses or CIDR (Classless Inter-Domain Routing) notations. Example:
*["1.1.1.1","1.1.1.0/24","1.1.2.25"]*

For an update operation, if you want to delete all the IPs in the ACL,
use an array with a single empty string entry. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet the resource is associated with.

**Subnet Restrictions:** - For bare metal DB systems and for single
node virtual machine DB systems, do not use a subnet that overlaps
with 192.168.16.16/28. - For Exadata and virtual machine 2-node RAC
systems, do not use a subnet that overlaps with 192.168.128.0/20. -
For Autonomous Database, setting this will disable public secure
access to the database.

These subnets are used by the Oracle Clusterware private interconnect
on the database instance. Specifying an overlapping subnet will cause
the private interconnect to malfunction. This restriction applies to
both the client subnet and the backup subnet.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, AVAILABLE_NEEDS_ATTENTION, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RECREATING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORE_IN_PROGRESS, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, SCALE_IN_PROGRESS, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.

--whitelisted-ips [complex type]

The client IP access control list (ACL). This feature is available for
autonomous databases on shared Exadata infrastructure and on Exadata
Cloud@Customer. Only clients connecting from an IP address included in
the ACL may access the Autonomous Database instance.

For shared Exadata infrastructure, this is an array of CIDR (Classless
Inter-Domain Routing) notations for a subnet or VCN OCID. Use a
semicolon (;) as a deliminator between the VCN-specific subnets or
IPs. Example: *["1.1.1.1","1.1.1.0/24","ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id>
","ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique_id1>;1.1.1.1","ocid1.vcn.oc1.sea.<unique
_id2>;1.1.0.0/16"]* For Exadata Cloud@Customer, this is an array of IP
addresses or CIDR (Classless Inter-Domain Routing) notations. Example:
*["1.1.1.1","1.1.1.0/24","1.1.2.25"]*

For an update operation, if you want to delete all the IPs in the ACL,
use an array with a single empty string entry. This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
