"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns metric definitions that match the criteria specified in the
request. Compartment OCID required. For information about metrics, see
Metrics Overview. For important limits information, see Limits on
Monitoring.

Transactions Per Second (TPS) per-tenancy limit for this operation:
10.


Usage
=====

   oci monitoring metric list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment containing the resources monitored by the
metric that you are searching for. Use tenancyId to search in the root
compartment.

Example:

   ocid1.compartment.oc1..exampleuniqueID


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

When true, returns resources from all compartments and
subcompartments. The parameter can only be set to true when
compartmentId is the tenancy OCID (the tenancy is the root
compartment). A true value requires the user to have tenancy-level
permissions. If this requirement is not met, then the call is
rejected. When false, returns resources from only the compartment
specified in compartmentId. Default is false.

--dimension-filters [complex type]

Qualifiers that you want to use when searching for metric definitions.
Available dimensions vary by metric namespace. Each dimension takes
the form of a key-value pair.

Example:

   { "resourceId": "<var>&lt;instance_OCID&gt;</var>" }

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--group-by [complex type]

Group metrics by these fields in the response. For example, to list
all metric namespaces available           in a compartment, groupBy
the "namespace" field. Supported fields: namespace, name,
resourceGroup.

Example - group by namespace: *[ "namespace" ]* This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Default: 1000

Example:

   500

--name [text]

The metric name to use when searching for metric definitions.

Example:

   CpuUtilization

--namespace [text]

The source service or application to use when searching for metric
definitions.

Example:

   oci_computeagent

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--resource-group [text]

Resource group that you want to use as a filter. The specified
resource group must exist in the definition of the posted metric. Only
one resource group can be applied per metric. A valid resourceGroup
value starts with an alphabetical character and includes only
alphanumeric characters, periods (.), underscores (_), hyphens (-),
and dollar signs ($). Avoid entering confidential information.

Example:

   frontend-fleet

--sort-by [text]

The field to use when sorting returned metric definitions. Only one
sorting level is provided.

Example:

   NAMESPACE

Accepted values are:

   NAME, NAMESPACE, RESOURCEGROUP

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use when sorting returned metric definitions.
Ascending (ASC) or descending (DESC).

Example:

   ASC

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
