"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns a list of stacks. - If called using the compartment ID,
returns all stacks in the specified compartment. - If called using the
stack ID, returns the specified stack.


Usage
=====

   oci resource-manager stack list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

A filter to return only resources that exist in the compartment,
identified by OCID.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the specified display
name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

The OCID on which to query for a stack.

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter that returns only those resources that match the specified
lifecycle state. The state value is case-insensitive. For more
information about stack lifecycle states, see Key Concepts.

Allowable values: - CREATING - ACTIVE - DELETING - DELETED - FAILED

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED

--limit [integer]

The number of items returned in a paginated *List* call. For
information about pagination, see List Pagination.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the preceding
*List* call. For information about pagination, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to use when sorting returned resources. By default,
*TIMECREATED* is ordered descending. By default, *DISPLAYNAME* is
ordered ascending. Note that you can sort only on one field.

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAYNAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use when sorting returned resources. Ascending
(*ASC*) or descending (*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
