"update-from-git-provider"
**************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the specified stack object. Use *UpdateStack* when you update
your Terraform configuration and want your changes to be reflected in
the execution plan. For more information, see To update a stack and To
edit a stack.


Usage
=====

   oci resource-manager stack update-from-git-provider [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--config-source-configuration-source-provider-id [text]

Unique identifier (OCID) for the Git configuration source.

--stack-id [text]

The OCID of the stack.


Optional Parameters
===================

--config-source-branch-name [text]

The name of the branch within the Git repository.

--config-source-repository-url [text]

The URL of the Git repository.

--config-source-working-directory [text]

The path of the directory from which to run terraform. If not
specified, the the root will be used. This parameter is ignored for
the *configSourceType* value of *COMPARTMENT_CONFIG_SOURCE*.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. Example:
*{"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Description of the stack.

--display-name [text]

The name of the stack.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags associated with this resource. Each tag is a simple
key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more
information, see Resource Tags. Example: *{"Department": "Finance"}*
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the *PUT* or *DELETE* call for
a resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from
a previous *GET* or *POST* response for that resource.  The resource
will be updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the
resource's current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--terraform-version [text]

The version of Terraform to use with the stack. Example: *0.12.x*

--variables [complex type]

Terraform variables associated with this resource. The maximum number
of variables supported is 250. The maximum size of each variable,
including both name and value, is 4096 bytes. Example:
*{"CompartmentId": "compartment-id-value"}* This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
