"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Get a single row from the table by primary key.


Usage
=====

   oci nosql row get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--key [text]

An array of strings, each of the format "column-name:value",
representing the primary key of the row.

--table-name-or-id [text]

A table name within the compartment, or a table OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of a table's compartment. When a table is identified by name,
the compartmentId is often needed to provide context for interpreting
the name.

--consistency [text]

Consistency requirement for a read operation.

Accepted values are:

   ABSOLUTE, EVENTUAL

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--timeout-in-ms [integer]

Timeout setting for this operation.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
