"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the supported Cloud Advisor categories.


Usage
=====

   oci optimizer category-summary list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is traversed and all
compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are returned depending
on the the setting of *accessLevel*.

Can only be set to true when performing ListCompartments on the
tenancy (root compartment).


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter that returns results that match the lifecycle state
specified.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, ATTACHING, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, DETACHING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated "List" call.

--name [text]

Optional. A filter that returns results that match the name specified.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
"List" call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide one sort order (*sortOrder*).
Default order for TIMECREATED is descending. Default order for NAME is
ascending. The NAME sort order is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   NAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
