"list-work-request-logs"
************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Retrieves a paginated list of logs for a given work request.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration work-request list-work-request-logs [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--work-request-id [text]

The ID of the asynchronous work request to retrieve.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

Sets the maximum number of results per page, or items to return in a
paginated *List* call. See List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value for this parameter is the *opc-next-
page* or the *opc-prev-page* response header from the previous *List*
call. See List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

Specifies the field to sort by. Accepts only one field. By default,
when you sort by time fields, results are shown in descending order.
All other fields default to ascending order. Sorting related
parameters are ignored when parameter *query* is present (search
operation and sorting order is by relevance score in descending
order).

Accepted values are:

   DISPLAY_NAME, TIME_CREATED

--sort-order [text]

Specifies sort order to use, either *ASC* (ascending) or *DESC*
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
