"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new Scheduled Job to perform a specific package operation on
a set of managed instances or managed instance groups.  Can be created
as a one-time execution in the future, or as a recurring execution
that repeats on a defined interval.


Usage
=====

   oci os-management scheduled-job create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

OCID for the Compartment

--display-name [text]

Scheduled Job name

--operation-type [text]

the type of operation this Scheduled Job performs

Accepted values are:

   INSTALL, REMOVE, UPDATE, UPDATEALL

--schedule-type [text]

the type of scheduling this Scheduled Job follows

Accepted values are:

   ONETIME, RECURRING

--time-next-execution [datetime]

the desired time for the next execution of this Scheduled Job

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{"foo-namespace": {"bar-key": "value"}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Details describing the Scheduled Job.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{"bar-
key": "value"}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--interval-type [text]

the interval period for a recurring Scheduled Job (only if schedule
type is RECURRING)

Accepted values are:

   DAY, HOUR, MONTH, WEEK

--interval-value [text]

the value for the interval period for a recurring Scheduled Job (only
if schedule type is RECURRING)

--managed-instance-groups [complex type]

The list of managed instance groups this scheduled job operates on
(mutually exclusive with managedInstances). Either this or
managedInstances must be supplied.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Id.  For documentation
on Id please see our API reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api
/#/en/osmanagement/20190801/datatypes/Id. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--managed-instances [complex type]

The list of managed instances this scheduled job operates on (mutually
exclusive with managedInstanceGroups). Either this or the
managedInstanceGroups must be supplied.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Id.  For documentation
on Id please see our API reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api
/#/en/osmanagement/20190801/datatypes/Id. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--os-family [text]

The Operating System type of the managed instance(s) on which this
scheduled job will operate. If not specified, this defaults to Linux.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, LINUX, WINDOWS

--package-names [complex type]

the id of the package (only if operation type is
INSTALL/UPDATE/REMOVE)

This option is a JSON list with items of type PackageName.  For
documentation on PackageName please see our API reference: https://do
cs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/osmanagement/20190801/datatypes/PackageN
ame. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--update-names [complex type]

The unique names of the Windows Updates (only if operation type is
INSTALL). This is only applicable when the osFamily is for Windows
managed instances. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--update-type [text]

Type of the update (only if operation type is UPDATEALL)

Accepted values are:

   ALL, BUGFIX, ENHANCEMENT, SECURITY

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
