"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Replaces records in the specified zone with the records specified in
the request body. If a specified record does not exist, it will be
created. If the record exists, then it will be updated to represent
the record in the body of the request. If a record in the zone does
not exist in the request body, the record will be removed from the
zone.


Usage
=====

   oci dns record zone update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--zone-name-or-id [text]

The name or OCID of the target zone.


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment the resource belongs to.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The *If-Match* header field makes the request method conditional on
the existence of at least one current representation of the target
resource, when the field-value is ***, or having a current
representation of the target resource that has an entity-tag matching
a member of the list of entity-tags provided in the field-value.

--if-unmodified-since [text]

The *If-Unmodified-Since* header field makes the request method
conditional on the selected representation's last modification date
being earlier than or equal to the date provided in the field-value.
This field accomplishes the same purpose as If-Match for cases where
the user agent does not have an entity-tag for the representation.

--items [complex type]

This option is a JSON list with items of type RecordDetails.  For
documentation on RecordDetails please see our API reference: https://
docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/dns/20180115/datatypes/RecordDetails.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--scope [text]

Specifies to operate only on resources that have a matching DNS scope.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, PRIVATE

--view-id [text]

The OCID of the view the resource is associated with.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
