"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the preferences of the tenancy regarding receiving
announcements by email.


Usage
=====

   oci announce announcements-preferences update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--preference-id [text]

The ID of the preference.

--preference-type [text]

The string representing the user's preference, whether to opt in to
only required announcements, to opt in to all announcements, including
informational announcements, or to opt out of all announcements.

Accepted values are:

   OPT_IN_TENANT_AND_INFORMATIONAL_ANNOUNCEMENTS, OPT_IN_TENANT_ANNOUNCEMENTS, OPT_OUT_ALL_ANNOUNCEMENTS

--type [text]

The entity type, which specifies a model that either creates new
announcement email preferences or updates existing preferences.


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment for which you want to manage announcement
email preferences. (Specify the tenancy by providing the root
compartment OCID.)

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The locking version, used for optimistic concurrency control.

--is-unsubscribed [boolean]

A Boolean value to indicate whether the specified compartment chooses
to not to receive informational announcements by email. (Manage
preferences for receiving announcements by email by specifying the
*preferenceType* attribute instead.)


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
