.gitignore
.releaserc.json
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
deploy.sh
dev-requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
.github/workflows/ci.yaml
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/__init__.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy.egg-info/PKG-INFO
honeybee_grasshopper_energy.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
honeybee_grasshopper_energy.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
honeybee_grasshopper_energy.egg-info/top_level.txt
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Adaptive Comfort Map.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Adiabatic by Type.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Airflow Newtwork.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB All-Air HVAC.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Annual Loads.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Abolute Load Values.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply ConstructionSet.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Load Values.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Opaque Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply ProgramType.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Room Schedules.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Setpoint Values.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Shade Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Shade Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Apply Window Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Balance Temperature.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Blend ProgramTypes.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Blind Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Color Faces.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Color Rooms.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Constant Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Construction Set by Climate.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB ConstructionSet.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Custom Simulation Output.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Custom Window Gap Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB DOAS HVAC.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct ConstructionSet Interior.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct ConstructionSet.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Equipment.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Hot Water.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Infiltration.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Lighting.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct People.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct ProgramType.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Setpoint.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Deconstruct Ventilation.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB End Use Intensity.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Equipment.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Exterior Construction Subset.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Face Result by Type.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Fixed Interval Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Gene Pool to Day Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Glass Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Ground Construction Subset.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB HeatCool HVAC.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB IdealAir.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Infiltration.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Interior Construction Subset.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Lighting.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Load Measure.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Model to OSM.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Normalize by Floor Area.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Opaque Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Opaque Material No Mass.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Opaque Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB PMV Comfort Map.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Peak Loads.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB People.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Plenum.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB ProgramType.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Custom Result.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Face Result.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read HVAC Sizing.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Result Dictionary.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Room Comfort Result.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Room Energy Result.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Tabular Data.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Thermal Matrix.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Read Zone Sizing.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Run IDF.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Run OSM.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Run OSW.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Schedule to Data.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Search Construction Sets.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Search Constructions.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Search Materials.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Search Programs.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Search Schedules.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Seasonal Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Service Hot Water.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Setpoint.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Shade Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Shade Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Shadow Calculation.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Simulation Control.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Simulation Output.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Simulation Parameter.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Sizing Parameter.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Subface Subset.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Thermal Load Balance.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Type Limit.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB UTCI Comfort Map.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Ventilation Control.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Ventilation.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Visualize Thermal Map.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Weekly Schedule.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Window Construction Shade.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Window Construction.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Window Gap Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Window Material.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/HB Window Opening.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/src/__init__.py
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Adaptive Comfort Map.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Adiabatic by Type.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Airflow Newtwork.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB All-Air HVAC Templates.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB All-Air HVAC.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Annual Loads.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Abolute Load Values.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply ConstructionSet.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Load Values.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Opaque Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply ProgramType.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Room Schedules.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Setpoint Values.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Shade Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Shade Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Apply Window Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Balance Temperature.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Blend ProgramTypes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Blind Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Building Programs.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Building Vintages.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Climate Zones.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Color Faces.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Color Rooms.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Constant Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Construction Set by Climate.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Construction Types.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB ConstructionSet.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Custom Simulation Output.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Custom Window Gap Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB DOAS HVAC Templates.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB DOAS HVAC.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct ConstructionSet Interior.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct ConstructionSet.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Equipment.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Hot Water.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Infiltration.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Lighting.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct People.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct ProgramType.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Setpoint.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Ventilation.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB End Use Intensity.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Equipment.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Exterior Construction Subset.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Face Energy Attributes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Face Result by Type.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Fixed Interval Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Gene Pool to Day Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Glass Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Ground Construction Subset.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB HeatCool HVAC Templates.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB HeatCool HVAC.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB IdealAir.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Infiltration.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Interior Construction Subset.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Lighting.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Load Measure.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Model to OSM.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Normalize by Floor Area.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Opaque Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Opaque Material No Mass.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Opaque Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB PMV Comfort Map.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Peak Loads.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB People.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Plenum.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB ProgramType.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Custom Result.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Face Result.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read HVAC Sizing.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Result Dictionary.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Room Comfort Result.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Room Energy Result.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Tabular Data.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Thermal Matrix.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Read Zone Sizing.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Room Energy Attributes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Run IDF.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Run OSM.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Run OSW.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Schedule to Data.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Search Construction Sets.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Search Constructions.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Search Materials.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Search Programs.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Search Schedules.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Seasonal Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Service Hot Water.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Setpoint.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Shade Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Shade Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Shadow Calculation.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Simulation Control.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Simulation Output.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Simulation Parameter.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Sizing Parameter.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Subface Subset.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Thermal Load Balance.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Type Limit.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB UTCI Comfort Map.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Ventilation Control.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Ventilation.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Visualize Thermal Map.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Weekly Schedule.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Window Construction Shade.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Window Construction.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Window Gap Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Window Material.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/HB Window Opening.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_energy/user_objects/__init__.py
samples/afn_apartment_model.gh
samples/comfort_mapping.gh
samples/creating_constructions.gh
samples/creating_programs.gh
samples/creating_schedules.gh
samples/full_building_energy_model.gh
samples/shoe_box_annual_loads.gh
samples/shoe_box_energy_model.gh
samples/shoe_box_peak_loads.gh
samples/single_family_energy_model.gh