"execute"
*********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Execute a SQL query.


Usage
=====

   oci nosql query execute [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Compartment OCID, to provide context for a table name in the given
statement.

--statement [text]

A NoSQL SQL query statement; or a Base64-encoded prepared statement.


Optional Parameters
===================

--consistency [text]

Consistency requirement for a read operation.

Accepted values are:

   ABSOLUTE, EVENTUAL

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-prepared [boolean]

If true, the statement is a prepared statement.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--max-read-in-kbs [integer]

A limit on the total amount of data read during this operation, in KB.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--timeout-in-ms [integer]

Timeout setting for the query.

--variables [complex type]

A map of prepared statement variables to values. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
