"get-plink-connection-string"
*****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets the plink command for starting an SSH tunnel on Windows which
will allow VNC connections to the instance. Once you have started the
tunnel, you can point your VNC client to localhost:{--local-vnc-port}
to connect to the instance (default --local-vnc-port is 5900).


Usage
=====

   oci compute instance-console-connection get-plink-connection-string [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--instance-console-connection-id [text]

The OCID of the intance console connection

--private-key-file [text]

The path to the private key to be used for authentication. This is
inserted into the generated connection string.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--local-vnc-port [text]

This is the local port that you will point your VNC client at. This
will be forwarded to the SSH tunnel created by executing the
PowerShell command in the output. Default is 5900.

--ssh-proxy-port [text]

This is the local and remote port for the SSH tunnel.  This may be any
open port on your local machine.  Default is 5905.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
