"upsert-parser"
***************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Define or update parser


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics parser upsert-parser [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--content [text]

content

--description [text]

description

--display-name [text]

display name

--edit-version [integer]

edit version

--encoding [text]

encoding

--example-content [text]

example content

--field-maps [complex type]

fields Maps

This option is a JSON list with items of type LogAnalyticsParserField.
For documentation on LogAnalyticsParserField please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/202006
01/datatypes/LogAnalyticsParserField. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--footer-content [text]

footer regular expression

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--header-content [text]

header content

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--is-default [boolean]

is default flag

--is-parser-written-once [boolean]

write once

--is-single-line-content [boolean]

is single line content

--is-system [boolean]

is system flag

--language [text]

language

--log-type-test-request-version [integer]

log type test request version

--name [text]

Name

--parser-functions [complex type]

plugin instance list

This option is a JSON list with items of type
LogAnalyticsParserFunction.  For documentation on
LogAnalyticsParserFunction please see our API reference: https://docs
.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/LogAnalyti
csParserFunction. This is a complex type whose value must be valid
JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line or
passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--parser-ignoreline-chars [text]

Ignore line characters

--parser-sequence [integer]

sequence

--parser-timezone [text]

time zone

--tokenize-original-text [text]

Tokenize original text: true/false

--type [text]

type

Accepted values are:

   JSON, ODL, REGEX, XML


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
