"get-query-result"
******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns the intermediate results for a query that was specified to run
asynchronously if the query has not completed, otherwise the final
query results identified by a queryWorkRequestId returned when
submitting the query execute asynchronously.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics query get-query-result [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.

--work-request-id [text]

Work Request Identifier OCID  for the asynchronous request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

Maximum number of results to return in this request.  Note a limit=-1
returns all results from pageId onwards up to maxtotalCount.

--output-mode [text]

Specifies the format for the returned results.

Accepted values are:

   JSON_ROWS

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--should-include-columns [boolean]

Include columns in response

--should-include-fields [boolean]

Include fields in response


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
