"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates an Autonomous Container Database in the specified Autonomous
Exadata Infrastructure.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-container-database create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

The display name for the Autonomous Container Database.

--patch-model [text]

Database Patch model preference.

Accepted values are:

   RELEASE_UPDATES, RELEASE_UPDATE_REVISIONS


Optional Parameters
===================

--autonomous-exadata-infrastructure-id [text]

The OCID of the Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure.

--autonomous-vm-cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the Autonomous VM Cluster.

--backup-config [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment containing the Autonomous Container
Database.

--db-unique-name [text]

The *DB_UNIQUE_NAME* of the Oracle Database being backed up.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--key-store-id [text]

The OCID of the key store.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the key container that is used as the master encryption
key in database transparent data encryption (TDE) operations.

--kms-key-version-id [text]

The OCID of the key container version that is used in database
transparent data encryption (TDE) operations KMS Key can have multiple
key versions. If none is specified, the current key version (latest)
of the Key Id is used for the operation.

--maintenance-window-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--peer-autonomous-container-database-backup-config [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--peer-autonomous-container-database-compartment-id [text]

The OCID of the compartment where the standby Autonomous Container
Database will be created.

--peer-autonomous-container-database-display-name [text]

The display name for the peer Autonomous Container Database.

--peer-autonomous-exadata-infrastructure-id [text]

The OCID of the peer Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure for Autonomous
Data Guard.

--peer-autonomous-vm-cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the peer Autonomous VM cluster for Autonomous Data Guard.
Required to enable Data Guard.

--peer-db-unique-name [text]

The *DB_UNIQUE_NAME* of the peer Autonomous Container Database in a
Data Guard association.

--protection-mode [text]

The protection mode of this Autonomous Data Guard association. For
more information, see Oracle Data Guard Protection Modes in the Oracle
Data Guard documentation.

Accepted values are:

   MAXIMUM_AVAILABILITY, MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE

--service-level-agreement-type [text]

The service level agreement type of the Autonomous Container Database.
The default is STANDARD. For an autonomous dataguard Autonomous
Container Database, the specified Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure
must be associated with a remote Autonomous Exadata Infrastructure.

Accepted values are:

   AUTONOMOUS_DATAGUARD, STANDARD

--standby-maintenance-buffer-in-days [integer]

The scheduling detail for the quarterly maintenance window of the
standby Autonomous Container Database. This value represents the
number of days before scheduled maintenance of the primary database.

--vault-id [text]

The OCID of the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure vault.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, FAILED, MAINTENANCE_IN_PROGRESS, PROVISIONING, RESTARTING, RESTORE_FAILED, RESTORING, ROLE_CHANGE_IN_PROGRESS, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNAVAILABLE, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
