"list-upload-files"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets list of files in an upload along with its processing state.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics upload list-upload-files [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.

--upload-reference [text]

Unique internal identifier to refer upload container.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--search-str [text]

This can be used to filter upload files based on the file, log group
and log source names.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. Only one sort order may be provided. Default
order for timeStarted is descending. timeCreated, fileName and
logGroup are deprecated. Instead use timestarted, name, logGroup
accordingly.

Accepted values are:

   fileName, logGroup, logGroupName, name, sourceName, status, timeCreated, timeStarted

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--status [text]

Upload File processing state.

Accepted values are:

   FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCESSFUL


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
