"validate-source-mapping"
*************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Validates the source mapping for a given file and provides match
status and the parsed representation of log data.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics upload validate-source-mapping [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--filename [text]

The name of the file being uploaded. The extension of the filename
part will be used to detect the type of file (like zip, tar).

--log-source-name [text]

Name of the log source that will be used to process the files being
uploaded.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.

--object-location [text]

Location of the log file.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
