"create-or-reset"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new Console one-time password for the specified user. For
more information about user credentials, see User Credentials.

Use this operation after creating a new user, or if a user forgets
their password. The new one-time password is returned to you in the
response, and you must securely deliver it to the user. They'll be
prompted to change this password the next time they sign in to the
Console. If they don't change it within 7 days, the password will
expire and you'll need to create a new one-time password for the user.

**Note:** The user's Console login is the unique name you specified
when you created the user (see CreateUser).


Usage
=====

   oci iam user ui-password create-or-reset [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--user-id [text]

The OCID of the user.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
