# Issuer

Object describing the properties of an issuer
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier | [optional] [readonly] 
**issuer** | **str** | connect id issuer | 
**enabled** | **bool** | Describes whether or not the issuer is enabled | [optional] [default to True]
**org_id** | **str** | ID of the organisation which owns the issuer | [optional] 
**theme_file_id** | **str** | ID of the theme file. The theme file is a zip file containing the web assets to show the client on login. | [optional] 
**upstream_redirect_uri** | **str** | Upstream redirect URI is the URI to which OpenID Connect upstreams will redirect after authentication. This is provisioned by Agilicus, but must be allowed by the upstream. | [optional] 
**managed_upstreams** | [**list[ManagedUpstreamIdentityProvider]**](ManagedUpstreamIdentityProvider.md) | The set of managed upstream identity providers for this issuer. A managed upstream has its configuration managed by default, and can be enabled or disabled for this issuer via this api. | [optional] 
**oidc_upstreams** | [**list[OIDCUpstreamIdentityProvider]**](OIDCUpstreamIdentityProvider.md) | The set of OpenID Connect upstream identity providers configured for this issuer. An upstream is managed by the client, and can be configured for this issuer via this api. | [optional] 
**clients** | [**list[IssuerClient]**](IssuerClient.md) | List of clients | [optional] [readonly] 
**name_slug** | **str** | A human readable slug to identify a resource and that is rfc1035 label compliant. The length has been restricted to 20 characters such that this name can be concatenated with other names or slugs. A slug is readOnly as it is generated by the backend resource.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


