"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new backup resource and returns the information the caller
needs to back up an on-premises Oracle Database to Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure.

**Note:** This API is used by an Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Python
script that is packaged with the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure CLI.
Oracle recommends that you use the script instead using the API
directly. See Migrating an On-Premises Database to Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure by Creating a Backup in the Cloud for more information.


Usage
=====

   oci db external-backup-job create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--availability-domain [text]

The targeted availability domain for the backup.

--character-set [text]

The character set for the database.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment where this backup should be created.

--database-edition [text]

The Oracle Database edition to use for creating a database from this
standalone backup. Note that 2-node RAC DB systems require Enterprise
Edition - Extreme Performance.

Accepted values are:

   ENTERPRISE_EDITION, ENTERPRISE_EDITION_EXTREME_PERFORMANCE, ENTERPRISE_EDITION_HIGH_PERFORMANCE, STANDARD_EDITION

--database-mode [text]

The mode (single instance or RAC) of the database being backed up.

Accepted values are:

   RAC, SI

--db-name [text]

The name of the database from which the backup is being taken.

--db-version [text]

A valid Oracle Database version.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name for the backup. This name does not have to be
unique.

--external-database-identifier [integer]

The *DBID* of the Oracle Database being backed up.

--ncharacter-set [text]

The national character set for the database.


Optional Parameters
===================

--db-unique-name [text]

The *DB_UNIQUE_NAME* of the Oracle Database being backed up.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--pdb-name [text]

The pluggable database name.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
