.TH "GALLERY-DL" "1" "2021-03-19" "1.17.1" "gallery-dl Manual"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh

.SH NAME
gallery-dl \- download image-galleries and -collections

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gallery-dl
[OPTION]... URL...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gallery-dl
is a command-line program to download image-galleries and -collections
from several image hosting sites. It is a cross-platform tool
with many configuration options and powerful filenaming capabilities.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help" 
Print this help message and exit
.TP
.B "\-\-version" 
Print program version and exit
.TP
.B "\-d, \-\-dest" \f[I]DEST\f[]
Destination directory
.TP
.B "\-i, \-\-input\-file" \f[I]FILE\f[]
Download URLs found in FILE ('-' for stdin). More than one --input-file can be specified
.TP
.B "\-\-cookies" \f[I]FILE\f[]
File to load additional cookies from
.TP
.B "\-\-proxy" \f[I]URL\f[]
Use the specified proxy
.TP
.B "\-\-clear\-cache" 
Delete all cached login sessions, cookies, etc.
.TP
.B "\-q, \-\-quiet" 
Activate quiet mode
.TP
.B "\-v, \-\-verbose" 
Print various debugging information
.TP
.B "\-g, \-\-get\-urls" 
Print URLs instead of downloading
.TP
.B "\-G, \-\-resolve\-urls" 
Print URLs instead of downloading; resolve intermediary URLs
.TP
.B "\-j, \-\-dump\-json" 
Print JSON information
.TP
.B "\-s, \-\-simulate" 
Simulate data extraction; do not download anything
.TP
.B "\-E, \-\-extractor\-info" 
Print extractor defaults and settings
.TP
.B "\-K, \-\-list\-keywords" 
Print a list of available keywords and example values for the given URLs
.TP
.B "\-\-list\-modules" 
Print a list of available extractor modules
.TP
.B "\-\-list\-extractors" 
Print a list of extractor classes with description, (sub)category and example URL
.TP
.B "\-\-write\-log" \f[I]FILE\f[]
Write logging output to FILE
.TP
.B "\-\-write\-unsupported" \f[I]FILE\f[]
Write URLs, which get emitted by other extractors but cannot be handled, to FILE
.TP
.B "\-\-write\-pages" 
Write downloaded intermediary pages to files in the current directory to debug problems
.TP
.B "\-r, \-\-limit\-rate" \f[I]RATE\f[]
Maximum download rate (e.g. 500k or 2.5M)
.TP
.B "\-R, \-\-retries" \f[I]N\f[]
Maximum number of retries for failed HTTP requests or -1 for infinite retries (default: 4)
.TP
.B "\-A, \-\-abort" \f[I]N\f[]
Abort extractor run after N consecutive file downloads have been skipped, e.g. if files with the same filename already exist
.TP
.B "\-\-http\-timeout" \f[I]SECONDS\f[]
Timeout for HTTP connections (default: 30.0)
.TP
.B "\-\-sleep" \f[I]SECONDS\f[]
Number of seconds to sleep before each download
.TP
.B "\-\-filesize\-min" \f[I]SIZE\f[]
Do not download files smaller than SIZE (e.g. 500k or 2.5M)
.TP
.B "\-\-filesize\-max" \f[I]SIZE\f[]
Do not download files larger than SIZE (e.g. 500k or 2.5M)
.TP
.B "\-\-no\-part" 
Do not use .part files
.TP
.B "\-\-no\-skip" 
Do not skip downloads; overwrite existing files
.TP
.B "\-\-no\-mtime" 
Do not set file modification times according to Last-Modified HTTP response headers
.TP
.B "\-\-no\-download" 
Do not download any files
.TP
.B "\-\-no\-check\-certificate" 
Disable HTTPS certificate validation
.TP
.B "\-c, \-\-config" \f[I]FILE\f[]
Additional configuration files
.TP
.B "\-o, \-\-option" \f[I]OPT\f[]
Additional '<key>=<value>' option values
.TP
.B "\-\-ignore\-config" 
Do not read the default configuration files
.TP
.B "\-u, \-\-username" \f[I]USER\f[]
Username to login with
.TP
.B "\-p, \-\-password" \f[I]PASS\f[]
Password belonging to the given username
.TP
.B "\-\-netrc" 
Enable .netrc authentication data
.TP
.B "\-\-download\-archive" \f[I]FILE\f[]
Record all downloaded files in the archive file and skip downloading any file already in it.
.TP
.B "\-\-range" \f[I]RANGE\f[]
Index-range(s) specifying which images to download. For example '5-10' or '1,3-5,10-'
.TP
.B "\-\-chapter\-range" \f[I]RANGE\f[]
Like '--range', but applies to manga-chapters and other delegated URLs
.TP
.B "\-\-filter" \f[I]EXPR\f[]
Python expression controlling which images to download. Files for which the expression evaluates to False are ignored. Available keys are the filename-specific ones listed by '-K'. Example: --filter "image_width >= 1000 and rating in ('s', 'q')"
.TP
.B "\-\-chapter\-filter" \f[I]EXPR\f[]
Like '--filter', but applies to manga-chapters and other delegated URLs
.TP
.B "\-\-zip" 
Store downloaded files in a ZIP archive
.TP
.B "\-\-ugoira\-conv" 
Convert Pixiv Ugoira to WebM (requires FFmpeg)
.TP
.B "\-\-ugoira\-conv\-lossless" 
Convert Pixiv Ugoira to WebM in VP9 lossless mode
.TP
.B "\-\-write\-metadata" 
Write metadata to separate JSON files
.TP
.B "\-\-write\-tags" 
Write image tags to separate text files
.TP
.B "\-\-mtime\-from\-date" 
Set file modification times according to 'date' metadata
.TP
.B "\-\-exec" \f[I]CMD\f[]
Execute CMD for each downloaded file. Example: --exec 'convert {} {}.png && rm {}'
.TP
.B "\-\-exec\-after" \f[I]CMD\f[]
Execute CMD after all files were downloaded successfully. Example: --exec-after 'cd {} && convert * ../doc.pdf'

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
gallery-dl \f[I]URL\f[]
Download images from \f[I]URL\f[].
.TP
gallery-dl -g -u <username> -p <password> \f[I]URL\f[]
Print direct URLs from a site that requires authentication.
.TP
gallery-dl --filter 'type == "ugoira"' --range '2-4' \f[I]URL\f[]
Apply filter and range expressions. This will only download
the second, third, and fourth file where its type value is equal to "ugoira".
.TP
gallery-dl r:\f[I]URL\f[]
Scan \f[I]URL\f[] for other URLs and invoke \f[B]gallery-dl\f[] on them.
.TP
gallery-dl oauth:\f[I]SITE\-NAME\f[]
Gain OAuth authentication tokens for
.IR deviantart ,
.IR flickr ,
.IR reddit ,
.IR smugmug ", and"
.IR tumblr .

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/gallery-dl.conf
The system wide configuration file.
.TP
.I ~/.config/gallery-dl/config.json
Per user configuration file.
.TP
.I ~/.gallery-dl.conf
Alternate per user configuration file.

.SH BUGS
https://github.com/mikf/gallery-dl/issues

.SH AUTHORS
Mike Fährmann <mike_faehrmann@web.de>
.br
and https://github.com/mikf/gallery-dl/graphs/contributors

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR gallery-dl.conf (5)
