"change-compartment"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Moves a public IP into a different compartment within the same
tenancy. For information about moving resources between compartments,
see Moving Resources to a Different Compartment.

This operation applies only to reserved public IPs. Ephemeral public
IPs always belong to the same compartment as their VNIC and move
accordingly.


Usage
=====

   oci network public-ip change-compartment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to move the public IP to.

--public-ip-id [text]

The OCID of the public IP.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
