"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new DatabaseRegistration.


Usage
=====

   oci goldengate database-registration create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--alias-name [text]

Credential store alias.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment being referenced.

--display-name [text]

An object's Display Name.

--fqdn [text]

A three-label Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) for a resource.

--password [text]

The password Oracle GoldenGate uses to connect the associated RDBMS.
It must conform to the specific security requirements implemented by
the database including length, case sensitivity, and so on.

--username [text]

The username Oracle GoldenGate uses to connect the associated RDBMS.
This username must already exist and be available for use by the
database.  It must conform to the security requirements implemented by
the database including length, case sensitivity, and so on.


Optional Parameters
===================

--connection-string [text]

Connect descriptor or Easy Connect Naming method that Oracle
GoldenGate uses to connect to a database.

--database-id [text]

The OCID of the database being referenced.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Tags defined for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{"foo-namespace": {"bar-key": "value"}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Metadata about this specific object.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

A simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type, or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{"bar-
key": "value"}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--ip-address [text]

The private IP address in the customer's VCN of the customer's
endpoint, typically a database.

--key-id [text]

The OCID of the customer "Master" key being referenced. If provided,
this will reference a key which the customer will be required to
ensure the policies are established to permit the GoldenGate Service
to utilize this key to manage secrets.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--secret-compartment-id [text]

The OCID of the compartment where the the GGS Secret will be created.
If provided, this will reference a key which the customer will be
required to ensure the policies are established to permit the
GoldenGate Service to utilize this Compartment in which to create a
Secret.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet being referenced.

--vault-id [text]

The OCID of the customer vault being referenced. If provided, this
will reference a vault which the customer will be required to ensure
the policies are established to permit the GoldenGate Service to
manage secrets contained within this vault.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.

--wallet [text]

The wallet contents Oracle GoldenGate uses to make connections to a
database.  This attribute is expected to be base64 encoded.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
