"put"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates or replaces the object lifecycle policy for the bucket.


Usage
=====

   oci os object-lifecycle-policy put [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to match with the ETag of an existing resource.
If the specified ETag matches the ETag of the existing resource, GET
and HEAD requests will return the resource and PUT and POST requests
will upload the resource.

--if-none-match [text]

The entity tag (ETag) to avoid matching. The only valid value is '*',
which indicates that the request should fail if the resource already
exists.

--items [complex type]

The bucket's set of lifecycle policy rules.

This option is a JSON list with items of type ObjectLifecycleRule.
For documentation on ObjectLifecycleRule please see our API reference:
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/objectstorage/20160918/datatyp
es/ObjectLifecycleRule. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns
get'


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
