"change-compartment"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Moves a zone into a different compartment. Protected zones cannot have
their compartment changed.

**Note:** All SteeringPolicyAttachment objects associated with this
zone will also be moved into the provided compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci dns zone change-compartment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment into which the zone should be moved.

--zone-id [text]

The OCID of the target zone.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The *If-Match* header field makes the request method conditional on
the existence of at least one current representation of the target
resource, when the field-value is ***, or having a current
representation of the target resource that has an entity-tag matching
a member of the list of entity-tags provided in the field-value.

--scope [text]

Specifies to operate only on resources that have a matching DNS scope.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, PRIVATE


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
