"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new boot volume in the specified compartment from an
existing boot volume or a boot volume backup. For general information
about boot volumes, see Boot Volumes. You may optionally specify a
*display name* for the volume, which is simply a friendly name or
description. It does not have to be unique, and you can change it.
Avoid entering confidential information.


Usage
=====

   oci bv boot-volume create [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--availability-domain [text]

The Availability Domain of the boot volume. Example: *Uocm:PHX-AD-1*.

This is optional when cloning a boot volume as the newly created boot
volume will be created in the same Availability Domain as its source.
This is required when restoring a volume from a backup.

--backup-policy-id [text]

If provided, specifies the ID of the boot volume backup policy to
assign to the newly created boot volume. If omitted, no policy will be
assigned.

--boot-volume-backup-id [text]

The OCID of the boot volume backup from which the data should be
restored on the newly created boot volume. You can specify either this
or --source-boot-volume-id but not both.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment that contains the boot volume. This is
optional when cloning a boot volume or restoring a boot volume from a
backup. If it is not supplied then the boot volume will be created in
the same compartment as the source.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it's changeable.
Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-auto-tune-enabled [boolean]

Specifies whether the auto-tune performance is enabled for this boot
volume.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the Key Management key to assign as the master encryption
key for the boot volume.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--size-in-gbs [integer]

The size of the volume in GBs.

--source-boot-volume-id [text]

The OCID of a boot volume in the same Availability Domain from which
the data should be cloned to the newly created boot volume. You can
specify either this or --boot-volume-backup-id but not both.

--vpus-per-gb [integer]

The number of volume performance units (VPUs) that will be applied to
this volume per GB, representing the Block Volume service's elastic
performance options. See Block Volume Elastic Performance for more
information.

Allowed values:

   * *10*: Represents Balanced option.

   * *20*: Represents Higher Performance option.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, FAULTY, PROVISIONING, RESTORING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
