"filter"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Each filter specifies an operator, a field and one or more values to
be inserted into the provided query as criteria.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics query filter [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.

--query-string [text]

Query to apply edits to.

--sub-system [text]

Default subsystem to qualify fields with in the queryString if not
specified.

Accepted values are:

   LOG


Optional Parameters
===================

--filters [complex type]

List of edit operations to be applied in the specified order to the
specified queryString.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Filter.  For
documentation on Filter please see our API reference: https://docs.cl
oud.oracle.com/api/#/en/loganalytics/20200601/datatypes/Filter. This
is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
