"launch-compute-instance"
*************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Launches an instance from an instance configuration.

If the instance configuration does not include all of the parameters
that are required to launch an instance, such as the availability
domain and subnet ID, you must provide these parameters when you
launch an instance from the instance configuration. For more
information, see the InstanceConfiguration resource.


Usage
=====

   oci compute-management instance-configuration launch-compute-instance [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--instance-configuration-id [text]

The OCID of the instance configuration.


Optional Parameters
===================

--block-volumes [complex type]

This option is a JSON list with items of type
InstanceConfigurationBlockVolumeDetails.  For documentation on
InstanceConfigurationBlockVolumeDetails please see our API reference: 
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/Instan
ceConfigurationBlockVolumeDetails. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--launch-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--secondary-vnics [complex type]

This option is a JSON list with items of type
InstanceConfigurationAttachVnicDetails.  For documentation on
InstanceConfigurationAttachVnicDetails please see our API reference: 
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/iaas/20160918/datatypes/Instan
ceConfigurationAttachVnicDetails. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
