"upload-log-file"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Accepts log data for processing by Logging Analytics.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics upload upload-log-file [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--file [filename]

Log data file. Example: --file /Users/me/myfile.txt

--filename [text]

The name of the file being uploaded. The extension of the filename
part will be used to detect the type of file (like zip, tar).

--log-source-name [text]

Name of the log source that will be used to process the files being
uploaded.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.

--opc-meta-loggrpid [text]

The log group OCID to which the log data in this upload will be mapped
to.

--upload-name [text]

The name of the upload. This can be considered as a container name
where different kind of logs will be collected and searched together.
This upload name/id can further be used for retrieving the details of
the upload, including its status or deleting the upload.


Optional Parameters
===================

--char-encoding [text]

Character encoding to be used to detect the encoding type of file(s)
being uploaded. When this property is not specified, system detected
character encoding will be used.

--content-md5 [text]

The base-64 encoded MD5 hash of the body. If the Content-MD5 header is
present, Logging Analytics performs an integrity check on the body of
the HTTP request by computing the MD5 hash for the body and comparing
it to the MD5 hash supplied in the header. If the two hashes do not
match, the log data is rejected and an HTTP-400 Unmatched Content MD5
error is returned with the message:

"The computed MD5 of the request body (ACTUAL_MD5) does not match the
Content-MD5 header (HEADER_MD5)"

--content-type [text]

The content type of the log data.

--date-format [text]

This property is used to specify the format of the date. This is to be
used for ambiguous dates like 12/11/10. This property can take any of
the following values -  MONTH_DAY_YEAR, DAY_MONTH_YEAR,
YEAR_MONTH_DAY, MONTH_DAY, DAY_MONTH.

--date-year [text]

Used to indicate the year where the log entries timestamp do not
mention year (Ex: Nov  8 20:45:56).

--entity-id [text]

The entity OCID.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--invalidate-cache [boolean]

This property can be used to reset configuration cache in case of an
issue with the upload.

--timezone [text]

Timezone to be used when processing log entries whose timestamps do
not include an explicit timezone. When this property is not specified,
the timezone of the entity specified is used. If the entity is also
not specified or do not have a valid timezone then UTC is used


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
