"update-exadata-iorm-config"
****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the IORM settings for the specified cloud VM cluster in an
Exadata Cloud Service instance.


Usage
=====

   oci db cloud-vm-cluster update-exadata-iorm-config [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--cloud-vm-cluster-id [text]

The cloud VM cluster OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--db-plans [complex type]

Array of IORM Setting for all the database in this Exadata DB System

This option is a JSON list with items of type
DbIormConfigUpdateDetail.  For documentation on
dbIormConfigUpdateDetail please see our API reference: https://docs.c
loud.oracle.com/api/#/en/database/20160918/datatypes/DbIormConfigUpda
teDetail. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--objective [text]

Value for the IORM objective Default is "Auto"

Accepted values are:

   AUTO, BALANCED, BASIC, HIGH_THROUGHPUT, LOW_LATENCY


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
