"modify-vcn-cidr"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the specified CIDR block of a VCN. The new CIDR IP range must
meet the following criteria:

* Must be valid. - Must not overlap with another CIDR block in the
  VCN, a CIDR block of a peered VCN, or the on-premises network CIDR
  block. - Must not exceed the limit of CIDR blocks allowed per VCN. -
  Must include IP addresses from the original CIDR block that are used
  in the VCN's existing route rules. - No IP address in an existing
  subnet should be outside of the new CIDR block range.

**Note:** Modifying a CIDR block places your VCN in an updating state
until the changes are complete. You cannot create or update the VCN's
subnets, VLANs, LPGs, or route tables during this operation. The time
to completion can vary depending on the size of your network. Updating
a small network could take about a minute, and updating a large
network could take up to an hour. You can use the *GetWorkRequest*
operation to check the status of the update.


Usage
=====

   oci network vcn modify-vcn-cidr [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--new-cidr-block [text]

The new CIDR IP address.

--original-cidr-block [text]

The CIDR IP address to update.

--vcn-id [text]

The OCID of the VCN.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
