"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists database insight resources


Usage
=====

   oci opsi database-insights list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--database-id [text]

Optional list of database OCIDs.

--database-type [text]

Filter by one or more database type. Possible values are ADW-S, ATP-S,
ADW-D, ATP-D

Accepted values are:

   ADW-D, ADW-S, ATP-D, ATP-S

--fields [text]

Specifies the fields to return in a database summary response. By
default all fields are returned if omitted.

Accepted values are:

   compartmentId, databaseDisplayName, databaseHostNames, databaseName, databaseType, databaseVersion, definedTags, freeformTags

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination. Example: *50*

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

Database insight list sort options. If *fields* parameter is selected,
the *sortBy* parameter must be one of the fields specified.

Accepted values are:

   databaseDisplayName, databaseName, databaseType

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
