"action"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Performs one of the following power actions on the specified instance:

* **START** - Powers on the instance.

* **STOP** - Powers off the instance.

* **RESET** - Powers off the instance and then powers it back on.

* **SOFTSTOP** - Gracefully shuts down the instance by sending a
  shutdown command to the operating system. After waiting 15 minutes
  for the OS to shut down, the instance is powered off. If the
  applications that run on the instance take more than 15 minutes to
  shut down, they could be improperly stopped, resulting in data
  corruption. To avoid this, manually shut down the instance using the
  commands available in the OS before you softstop the instance.

* **SOFTRESET** - Gracefully reboots the instance by sending a
  shutdown command to the operating system. After waiting 15 minutes
  for the OS to shut down, the instance is powered off and then
  powered back on.

* **SENDDIAGNOSTICINTERRUPT** - For advanced users. **Warning:
  Sending a diagnostic interrupt to a live system can cause data
  corruption or system failure.** Sends a diagnostic interrupt that
  causes the instance's OS to crash and then reboot. Before you send a
  diagnostic interrupt, you must configure the instance to generate a
  crash dump file when it crashes. The crash dump captures information
  about the state of the OS at the time of the crash. After the OS
  restarts, you can analyze the crash dump to diagnose the issue. For
  more information, see Sending a Diagnostic Interrupt.

   For more information about managing instance lifecycle states, see
   Stopping and Starting an Instance.


Usage
=====

   oci compute instance action [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--action [text]

The action to perform on the instance. Allowed values are: STOP,
START, SOFTRESET, RESET, SOFTSTOP, SENDDIAGNOSTICINTERRUPT

--instance-id [text]

The OCID of the instance.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   CREATING_IMAGE, MOVING, PROVISIONING, RUNNING, STARTING, STOPPED, STOPPING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
