"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Create a new data asset.


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog data-asset create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly display name. Does not have to be unique, and it's
changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.

--type-key [text]

The key of the data asset type. This can be obtained via the '/types'
endpoint.


Optional Parameters
===================

--custom-property-members [complex type]

The list of customized properties along with the values for this
object

This option is a JSON list with items of type CustomPropertySetUsage.
For documentation on CustomPropertySetUsage please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/datacatalog/2019032
5/datatypes/CustomPropertySetUsage. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Detailed description of the data asset.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--properties [complex type]

A map of maps that contains the properties which are specific to the
data asset type. Each data asset type definition defines it's set of
required and optional properties. The map keys are category names and
the values are maps of property name to property value. Every property
is contained inside of a category. Most data assets have required
properties within the "default" category. To determine the set of
optional and required properties for a data asset type, a query can be
done on '/types?type=dataAsset' that returns a collection of all data
asset types. The appropriate data asset type, which includes
definitions of all of it's properties, can be identified from this
collection. Example: *{"properties": { "default": { "host": "host1",
"port": "1521", "database": "orcl"}}}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, MOVING, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
