"bulk-delete"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

  * Deleting all objects in the bucket

  * Delete all objects that match a given prefix

  * Limiting deleted objects using a prefix and delimiter

  * Previewing what would be deleted

  * Do not prompt for delete

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Deletes all objects in a bucket which match the provided criteria.


Usage
=====

   oci os object bulk-delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.


Optional Parameters
===================

--delimiter [text]

When this parameter is set, only objects whose names do not contain
the delimiter character (after an optionally specified prefix) are
deleted. Scanned objects whose names contain the delimiter have part
of their name up to the last occurrence of the delimiter (after the
optional prefix) returned as a set of prefixes. Note: Only '/' is a
supported delimiter character at this time.

--dry-run

Displays a list of objects which would be deleted by this command, if
it were run without --dry-run. If --dry-run is passed, no objects will
actually be deleted.

--exclude [text]

Only download objects which do not match the provided pattern.
Patterns are taken relative to the bucket root. This option can be
provided mulitple times to match on mulitple patterns. Supported
pattern symbols are: 

*: Matches everything

?: Matches any single character

[sequence]: Matches any character in sequence

[!sequence]: Matches any character not in sequence

--force

Do not ask for confirmation prior to performing the bulk delete.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--include [text]

Only delete objects which match the provided pattern. Patterns are
taken relative to the bucket root. This option can be provided
mulitple times to match on mulitple patterns. Supported pattern
symbols are: 

*: Matches everything

?: Matches any single character

[sequence]: Matches any character in sequence

[!sequence]: Matches any character not in sequence

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns get'

--parallel-operations-count [integer]

The number of parallel operations to perform. Decreasing this value
will make bulk deletes less resource intensive but they may take
longer. Increasing this value may improve bulk delete times, but the
bulk delete process will consume more system resources and network
bandwidth. [default: 10]

--prefix [text]

Delete all objects with the given prefix. Omit this parameter to
delete all objects in the bucket.

   Examples

======================================================================


Deleting all objects in the bucket
----------------------------------

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket


Delete all objects that match a given prefix
--------------------------------------------

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/ --prefix myprefix

You can delete all objects that match a given prefix by specifying the
--prefix flag. In the above example, "--prefix myprefix" would match
object names such as myprefix_textfile1.txt, myprefix_myImage.png etc.

If you have named your objects so that they exist in Object Storage as
a hierarchy, e.g. level1/level2/level3/myobject.txt, then you can
delete objects at a given level (and all sub levels) by specifying a
prefix:

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/

This will delete all objects of the form level1/level2/<object name>,
level1/level2/leve3/<object name>, level1/level2/leve3/level4/<object
name> etc.


Limiting deleted objects using a prefix and delimiter
-----------------------------------------------------

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/ --delimiter /

If you have named your objects so that they exist in Object Storage as
a hierarchy, e.g. level1/level2/level3/myobject.txt, and you only want
to delete objects at a given level of the hierarchy, e.g. example
everything of the form level1/level2/<object name> but not
level1/level2/leve3/<object name> or any other sub-levels, you can
specify a prefix and delimiter. Currently the only supported delimiter
is /


Previewing what would be deleted
--------------------------------

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --dry-run

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/ --dry-run

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/ --delimiter / --dry-run

For any bulk-delete command you can get a list of all objects which
would be deleted, but without actually deleting them, by using the
--dry-run flag


Do not prompt for delete
------------------------

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --force

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/ --force

    oci os object bulk-delete -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --prefix level1/level2/ --delimiter / --force

By default, the bulk-delete command will prompt you prior to deleting
objects. To suppress this prompt, pass the --force option.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
