"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets the metadata and body of an object.

Example:
   oci os object get -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --name myfile.txt
   --file /Users/me/myfile.txt


Usage
=====

   oci os object get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the object content, or '-' to
write to STDOUT.

--name [text]

The name of the object.


Optional Parameters
===================

--encryption-key-file [filename]

A file containing the base64-encoded string of the AES-256 encryption
key associated with the object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--http-response-cache-control [text]

This value will be used in Cache-Control header of the response.

--http-response-content-disposition [text]

This value will be used in Content-Disposition header of the response.

--http-response-content-encoding [text]

This value will be used in Content-Encoding header of the response

--http-response-content-language [text]

This value will be used in Content-Language header of the response.

--http-response-content-type [text]

This value will be used in Content-Type header of the response.

--http-response-expires [text]

This value will be used in Expires header of the response

--if-match [text]

The entity tag to match.

--if-none-match [text]

The entity tag to avoid matching.

--multipart-download-threshold [integer range]

Objects larger than this size (in MiB) will be downloaded in multiple
parts. The minimum allowable threshold is 128 MiB.

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns get'

--parallel-download-count [integer]

The number of parallel operations to perform when downloading an
object in multiple parts. Decreasing this value will make multipart
downloads less resource intensive but they may take longer. Increasing
this value may improve download times, but the download process will
consume more system resources and network bandwidth. [default: 10]

--part-size [integer range]

Part size (in MiB) to use when downloading an object in multiple
parts. The minimum allowable size is 128 MiB.

--range [text]

Byte range to fetch. Follows
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7233#section-2.1. Example: bytes=2-10

--version-id [text]

VersionId used to identify a particular version of the object


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
