"head"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets the user-defined metadata and entity tag for an object.

Example:
   oci os object head -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --name myfile.txt


Usage
=====

   oci os object head [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

--name [text]

The name of the object.


Optional Parameters
===================

--encryption-key-file [filename]

A file containing the base64-encoded string of the AES-256 encryption
key associated with the object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The entity tag to match.

--if-none-match [text]

The entity tag to avoid matching.

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns get'

--version-id [text]

VersionId used to identify a particular version of the object


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
