"reencrypt"
***********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Re-encrypts the data encryption keys that encrypt the object and its
chunks. By default, when you create a bucket, the Object Storage
service manages the master encryption key used to encrypt each
object's data encryption keys. The encryption mechanism that you
specify for the bucket applies to the objects it contains.

You can alternatively employ one of these encryption strategies for an
object:

* You can assign a key that you created and control through the
  Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Vault service.

* You can encrypt an object using your own encryption key. The key
  you supply is known as a customer-provided encryption key (SSE-C).


Usage
=====

   oci os object reencrypt [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*

--object-name, -on, --name [text]

The name of the object. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *test/object1.log*


Optional Parameters
===================

--encryption-key-file [filename]

A file containing the base64-encoded string of the AES-256 encryption
key associated with the object.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the master encryption key used to call the Vault service
to re-encrypt the data encryption keys associated with the object and
its chunks. If the kmsKeyId value is empty, whether null or an empty
string, the API will perform re-encryption by using the kmsKeyId
associated with the bucket or the master encryption key managed by
Oracle, depending on the bucket encryption mechanism.

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns
get'

--source-encryption-key-file [filename]

A file containing the base64-encoded string of the AES-256 encryption
key associated with the source object.

--version-id [text]

VersionId used to identify a particular version of the object


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
