"list-sources"
**************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

source list


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics source list-sources [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--entity-type [text]

entityType

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-auto-associated [boolean]

auto association flag

--is-simplified [boolean]

is simplified

--is-system [text]

Is system param of value (all, custom, sourceUsing)

Accepted values are:

   ALL, BUILT_IN, CUSTOM

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--name [text]

A filter to return only log analytics entities whose name matches the
entire name given. The match is case-insensitive.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

sort by source

Accepted values are:

   associationCount, name, sourceType, timeUpdated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-display-text [text]

Search by source display name or description.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
