"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Unassigns and deletes the specified public IP (either ephemeral or
reserved). You must specify the object's OCID. The public IP address
is returned to the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure public IP pool.

**Note:** You cannot update, unassign, or delete the public IP that
Oracle automatically assigned to an entity for you (such as a load
balancer or NAT gateway). The public IP is automatically deleted if
the assigned entity is terminated.

For an assigned reserved public IP, the initial unassignment portion
of this operation is asynchronous. Poll the public IP's
*lifecycleState* to determine if the operation succeeded.

If you want to simply unassign a reserved public IP and return it to
your pool of reserved public IPs, instead use UpdatePublicIp.


Usage
=====

   oci network public-ip delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--public-ip-id [text]

The OCID of the public IP.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ASSIGNED, ASSIGNING, AVAILABLE, PROVISIONING, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UNASSIGNED, UNASSIGNING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
