"list-sql-plans"
****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Query SQL Warehouse to list the plan xml for a given SQL execution
plan. This returns a SqlPlanCollection object, but is currently
limited to a single plan.


Usage
=====

   oci opsi database-insights list-sql-plans [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--database-id [text]

Required OCID of the database.

--plan-hash [text]

Unique plan hash for a SQL Plan of a particular SQL Statement.
Example: *9820154385*

--sql-identifier [text]

Unique SQL_ID for a SQL Statement. Example: *6rgjh9bjmy2s7*


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
