"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets the Managed Database for a specific ID or the list of Managed
Databases in a specific compartment. Managed Databases can also be
filtered based on the name parameter. Only one of the parameters, ID
or name should be provided. If none of these parameters is provided,
all the Managed Databases in the compartment are listed.


Usage
=====

   oci database-management managed-database list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

The identifier of the resource.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of records returned in paginated response.

--name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire name.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page, from where the next set of
paginated results are retrieved. This is usually retrieved from a
previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort information by. Only one sortOrder can be used. The
default sort order for ‘TIMECREATED’ is descending and the default
sort order for ‘NAME’ is ascending. The ‘NAME’ sort order is case-
sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   NAME, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The option to sort information in ascending (‘ASC’) or descending
(‘DESC’) order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
