"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new retention rule in the specified bucket. The new rule
will take effect typically within 30 seconds. Note that a maximum of
100 rules are supported on a bucket.


Usage
=====

   oci os retention-rule create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --bucket, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*


Optional Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

A user-specified name for the retention rule. Names can be helpful in
identifying retention rules. Avoid entering confidential information.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns
get'

--time-amount [integer]

The amount of time that objects in the bucket should be preserved for
and which is calculated in relation to each object's Last-Modified
timestamp. If time-amount is not specified, then there is no time
limit and the objects in the bucket will be preserved indefinitely.

--time-rule-locked [datetime]

The date and time as per RFC 3339 after which this rule is locked and
can only be deleted by deleting the bucket. Once a rule is locked,
only increases in the duration are allowed and no other properties can
be changed. This property cannot be updated for rules that are in a
locked state. Specifying it when a duration is not specified is
considered an error.

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400

--time-unit [text]

The unit that should be used to interpret time-amount

Accepted values are:

   DAYS, YEARS


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
