"validate"
**********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Validate pattern by deriving file groups representing logical entities
using the expression


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog pattern validate [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--pattern-key [text]

Unique pattern key.


Optional Parameters
===================

--check-failure-limit [integer]

The maximum number of UNMATCHED files, in checkFilePathList, above
which the check fails. Optional, if checkFilePathList is provided.

If provided with the request, this overrides the value which already
exists as part of the pattern, if any.

--check-file-path-list [complex type]

List of file paths against which the expression can be tried, as a
check. This documents, for reference purposes, some example objects a
pattern is meant to work with.

If provided with the request,this overrides the list which already
exists as part of the pattern, if any. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--expression [text]

The expression used in the pattern that may include qualifiers. Refer
to the user documentation for details of the format and examples.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
