"request-summarized-trend-problems"
***********************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns the number of problems identified by cloud guard, for a given
time period.

The parameter *accessLevel* specifies whether to return only those
compartments for which the requestor has INSPECT permissions on at
least one resource directly or indirectly (ACCESSIBLE) (the resource
can be in a subcompartment) or to return Not Authorized if Principal
doesn't have access to even one of the child compartments. This is
valid only when *compartmentIdInSubtree* is set to *true*.

The parameter *compartmentIdInSubtree* applies when you perform
summarize API on the *compartmentId* passed and when it is set to
true, the entire hierarchy of compartments can be returned. To get a
full list of all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy (root
compartment), set the parameter *compartmentIdInSubtree* to true and
*accessLevel* to ACCESSIBLE.


Usage
=====

   oci cloud-guard problem-trend-aggregation request-summarized-trend-problems [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.


Optional Parameters
===================

--access-level [text]

Valid values are *RESTRICTED* and *ACCESSIBLE*. Default is
*RESTRICTED*. Setting this to *ACCESSIBLE* returns only those
compartments for which the user has INSPECT permissions directly or
indirectly (permissions can be on a resource in a subcompartment).
When set to *RESTRICTED* permissions are checked and no partial
results are displayed.

Accepted values are:

   ACCESSIBLE, RESTRICTED

--compartment-id-in-subtree [boolean]

Default is false. When set to true, the hierarchy of compartments is
traversed and all compartments and subcompartments in the tenancy are
returned depending on the the setting of *accessLevel*.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--time-first-detected-greater-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

Start time for a filter. If start time is not specified, start time
will be set to today's current time - 30 days.

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400

--time-first-detected-less-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

End time for a filter. If end time is not specified, end time will be
set to today's current time.

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
