"restore-from-file"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Restores a vault from an encrypted backup file. If a vault with the
same OCID already exists, this operation returns a response with a 409
HTTP status error code.


Usage
=====

   oci kms management vault restore-from-file [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment.

--restore-vault-from-file-location [text]

The file location which contains the encrypted payload to upload to
restore the vault.


Optional Parameters
===================

--content-length [integer]

The content length of the body.

--content-md5 [text]

The base64-encoded MD5 hash value of the body, as described in RFC
2616, section 14.15. If the Content-MD5 header is present, Key
Management performs an integrity check on the body of the HTTP request
by computing the MD5 hash for the body and comparing it to the MD5
hash supplied in the header. If the two hashes don't match, the object
is rejected and a response with 400 Unmatched Content MD5 error is
returned, along with the message: "The computed MD5 of the request
body (ACTUAL_MD5) does not match the Content-MD5 header (HEADER_MD5)."

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
