"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns the results for the specified probe, where the
*probeConfigurationId* is the OCID of either a monitor or an on-demand
probe.

Results are paginated based on *page* and *limit*.  The *opc-next-
page* header provides a URL for fetching the next page.  Use
*sortOrder* to set the order of the results.  If *sortOrder* is
unspecified, results are sorted in ascending order by *startTime*.


Usage
=====

   oci health-checks ping-probe-result list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--probe-configuration-id [text]

The OCID of a monitor or on-demand probe.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated "List" call.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
"List" call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-order [text]

Controls the sort order of results.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--start-time-greater-than-or-equal-to [text]

Returns results with a *startTime* equal to or greater than the
specified value.

--start-time-less-than-or-equal-to [text]

Returns results with a *startTime* equal to or less than the specified
value.

--target [text]

Filters results that match the *target*.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
