"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists all model deployments in the specified compartment. Only one
parameter other than compartmentId may also be included in a query.
The query must include compartmentId. If the query does not include
compartmentId, or includes compartmentId but two or more other
parameters an error is returned.


Usage
=====

   oci data-science model-deployment list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by the OCID of the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--created-by [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by the OCID of the user who created the
resource.

--display-name [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by its user-friendly name.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by OCID. Must be an OCID of the correct type for
the resource type.

--lifecycle-state [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by the specified lifecycle state. Must be a
valid state for the resource type.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, NEEDS_ATTENTION, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated "List" call. 1 is the minimum, 1000 is the
maximum. See List Pagination.

Example:

   500

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous "List" call.

See List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--project-id [text]

<b>Filter</b> results by the OCID of the project.

--sort-by [text]

Specifies the field to sort by. Accepts only one field. By default,
when you sort by *timeCreated*, results are shown in descending order.
When you sort by *displayName*, results are shown in ascending order.
Sort order for the *displayName* field is case sensitive.

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

Specifies sort order to use, either *ASC* (ascending) or *DESC*
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
