"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new pipeline in a project or folder ready for performing
task orchestration.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration pipeline create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--identifier [text]

Value can only contain upper case letters, underscore, and numbers. It
should begin with upper case letter or underscore. The value can be
modified.

--name [text]

Free form text without any restriction on permitted characters. Name
can have letters, numbers, and special characters. The value is
editable and is restricted to 1000 characters.

--registry-metadata [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--workspace-id [text]

The workspace ID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--description [text]

Detailed description for the object.

--flow-config-values [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--key [text]

Generated key that can be used in API calls to identify pipeline. On
scenarios where reference to the pipeline is needed, a value can be
passed in create.

--model-type [text]

The type of the object.

--model-version [text]

This is a version number that is used by the service to upgrade
objects if needed through releases of the service.

--nodes [complex type]

A list of nodes attached to the pipeline

This option is a JSON list with items of type FlowNode.  For
documentation on FlowNode please see our API reference: https://docs.
cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/dataintegration/20200430/datatypes/FlowNode.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--object-status [integer]

The status of an object that can be set to value 1 for shallow
references across objects, other values reserved.

--object-version [integer]

This is used by the service for optimistic locking of the object, to
prevent multiple users from simultaneously updating the object.

--parameters [complex type]

A list of additional parameters required in pipeline.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Parameter.  For
documentation on Parameter please see our API reference: https://docs
.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/dataintegration/20200430/datatypes/Paramet
er. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value
can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--parent-ref [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--variables [complex type]

The list of variables required in pipeline.

This option is a JSON list with items of type Variable.  For
documentation on Variable please see our API reference: https://docs.
cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/dataintegration/20200430/datatypes/Variable.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
