"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the application references. For example, to map a data asset
to a different target object.


Usage
=====

   oci data-integration reference update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--application-key [text]

The application key.

--reference-key [text]

The reference key.

--workspace-id [text]

The workspace ID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--child-references [complex type]

The list of child references that also need to be updated.

This option is a JSON list with items of type ChildReferenceDetail.
For documentation on ChildReferenceDetail please see our API
reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/dataintegration/202
00430/datatypes/ChildReferenceDetail. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the *etag* from
a previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will
be updated or deleted only if the *etag* you provide matches the
resource's current *etag* value. When 'if-match' is provided and its
value does not exactly match the 'etag' of the resource on the server,
the request fails with the 412 response code.

--options [complex type]

A list of options such as *ignoreObjectOnError*. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--target-object [complex type]

The new target object to reference. This should be of type
*DataAsset*. The child references can be of type *Connection*. This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
