"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets a secret bundle that matches either the specified *stage*,
*label*, or *versionNumber* parameter. If none of these parameters are
provided, the bundle for the secret version marked as *CURRENT* will
be returned.


Usage
=====

   oci secrets secret-bundle get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--secret-id [text]

The OCID of the secret.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--secret-version-name [text]

The name of the secret. (This might be referred to as the name of the
secret version. Names are unique across the different versions of a
secret.)

--stage [text]

The rotation state of the secret version.

Accepted values are:

   CURRENT, DEPRECATED, LATEST, PENDING, PREVIOUS

--version-number [integer]

The version number of the secret.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
