"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates a listener for a given load balancer.


Usage
=====

   oci lb listener update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--default-backend-set-name [text]

The name of the associated backend set.

Example:

   example_backend_set

--listener-name [text]

The name of the listener to update.

Example:

   example_listener

--load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the load balancer associated with the listener to update.

--port [integer]

The communication port for the listener.

Example:

   80

--protocol [text]

The protocol on which the listener accepts connection requests. To get
a list of valid protocols, use the ListProtocols operation.

Example:

   HTTP


Optional Parameters
===================

--cipher-suite-name [text]

Cipher suite name for listener.

--connection-configuration-backend-tcp-proxy-protocol-version [integer]

Connection Configuration Backend TCP Proxy Protocol Version.

--connection-configuration-idle-timeout [integer]

The maximum idle time, in seconds, allowed between two successive
receive or two successive send operations between the client and
backend servers.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hostname-names [complex type]

An array of hostname resource names. This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--path-route-set-name [text]

Deprecated. Please use *routingPolicies* instead.

The name of the set of path-based routing rules, PathRouteSet, applied
to this listener's traffic.

Example:

   example_path_route_set

--protocols [complex type]

List of protocols to be configured for listener. It must be a list of
strings.

Example:

   ["TLSv1.1","TLSv1.2"]

--routing-policy-name [text]

The name of the routing policy applied to this listener's traffic.

Example:

   example_routing_policy

--rule-set-names [complex type]

The names of the rule sets to apply to the listener.

Example:

   ["example_rule_set"]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--server-order-preference [text]

Server order preference for listener.

--ssl-certificate-name [text]

A friendly name for the certificate bundle. It must be unique and it
cannot be changed. Valid certificate bundle names include only
alphanumeric characters, dashes, and underscores. Certificate bundle
names cannot contain spaces. Avoid entering confidential information.

--ssl-verify-depth [integer]

The maximum depth for peer certificate chain verification.

--ssl-verify-peer-certificate [boolean]

Whether the load balancer listener should verify peer certificates.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
