"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets a list of custom protection rules for the specified Web
Application Firewall.


Usage
=====

   oci waas custom-protection-rule list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment. This number is generated when the
compartment is created.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--display-name [text]

Filter custom protection rules using a list of display names.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--id [text]

Filter custom protection rules using a list of custom protection rule
OCIDs.

--lifecycle-state [text]

Filter Custom Protection rules using a list of lifecycle states.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated call. If
unspecified, defaults to *10*.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
paginated call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The value by which custom protection rules are sorted in a paginated
'List' call. If unspecified, defaults to *timeCreated*.

Accepted values are:

   compartmentId, displayName, id, modSecurityRuleId, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The value of the sorting direction of resources in a paginated 'List'
call. If unspecified, defaults to *DESC*.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--time-created-greater-than-or-equal-to [datetime]

A filter that matches Custom Protection rules created on or after the
specified date-time.

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400

--time-created-less-than [datetime]

A filter that matches custom protection rules created before the
specified date-time.

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
