"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets detailed information about a listing, including the listing's
name, version, description, and resources.

If you plan to launch an instance from an image listing, you must
first subscribe to the listing. When you launch the instance, you also
need to provide the image ID of the listing resource version that you
want.

Subscribing to the listing requires you to first get a signature from
the terms of use agreement for the listing resource version. To get
the signature, issue a GetAppCatalogListingAgreements API call. The
AppCatalogListingResourceVersionAgreements object, including its
signature, is returned in the response. With the signature for the
terms of use agreement for the desired listing resource version,
create a subscription by issuing a CreateAppCatalogSubscription API
call.

To get the image ID to launch an instance, issue a
GetAppCatalogListingResourceVersion API call. Lastly, to launch the
instance, use the image ID of the listing resource version to issue a
LaunchInstance API call.


Usage
=====

   oci marketplace listing get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--listing-id [text]

The unique identifier for the listing.


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The unique identifier for the compartment.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
