"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets a collection of approved sender email addresses and sender IDs.


Usage
=====

   oci email sender list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID for the compartment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--email-address [text]

The email address of the approved sender.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

The current state of a sender.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated "List" call. *1* is the minimum, *1000* is
the maximum. For important details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the opc-next-page response header
from the previous "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. The *TIMECREATED* value returns the list in in
descending order by default. The *EMAILADDRESS* value returns the list
in ascending order by default. Use the *SortOrderQueryParam* to change
the direction of the returned list of items.

Accepted values are:

   EMAILADDRESS, TIMECREATED

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending or descending order.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
