"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the specified log group's log objects.


Usage
=====

   oci logging log list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--log-group-id [text]

OCID of a log group to work with.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--display-name [text]

Resource name

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

Lifecycle state of the log object

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING, FAILED, INACTIVE, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated "List" call.

--log-type [text]

The logType that the log object is for, whether custom or service.

Accepted values are:

   CUSTOM, SERVICE

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* or *opc-
previous-page* response header from the previous "List" call. For
important details about how pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by (one column only). Default sort order is
ascending exception of *timeCreated* and *timeLastModified* columns
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, whether 'asc' or 'desc'.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--source-resource [text]

Log object resource.

--source-service [text]

Service that created the log object.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
