"generate-wallet"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates and downloads a wallet for the specified Autonomous Database.


Usage
=====

   oci db autonomous-database generate-wallet [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--autonomous-database-id [text]

The database OCID.

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the response data, or '-' to
write to STDOUT.

--password [text]

The password to encrypt the keys inside the wallet. The password must
be at least 8 characters long and must include at least 1 letter and
either 1 numeric character or 1 special character.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--generate-type [text]

The type of wallet to generate.

**Shared Exadata infrastructure usage:** * *SINGLE* - used to generate
a wallet for a single database * *ALL* - used to generate wallet for
all databases in the region

**Dedicated Exadata infrastructure usage:** Value must be *NULL* if
attribute is used.

Accepted values are:

   ALL, SINGLE


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
