"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the specified SDDC.

**Important:** Updating an SDDC affects only certain attributes in the
*Sddc* object and does not affect the VMware environment currently
running in the SDDC. For more information, see UpdateSddcDetails.


Usage
=====

   oci ocvs sddc update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--nsx-edge-up1-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX Edge Uplink 1 component of the
VMware environment.

--nsx-edge-up2-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX Edge Uplink 2 component of the
VMware environment.

--nsx-edge-vtep-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX Edge VTEP component of the
VMware environment.

--nsx-vtep-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX VTEP component of the VMware
environment.

--sddc-id [text]

The OCID of the SDDC.

--vmotion-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the vMotion component of the VMware
environment.

--vmware-version [text]

The VMware software bundle to install on the ESXi hosts in the SDDC.
To get a list of the available versions, use
ListSupportedVmwareSoftwareVersions.

--vsan-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the vSAN component of the VMware
environment.

--vsphere-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the vSphere component of the VMware
environment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name, --name [text]

The OCID of the SDDC. SDDC name requirements are 1-16 character length
limit, Must start with a letter, Must be English letters, numbers, -
only, No repeating hyphens, Must be unique within the region.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hcx-vlan-id [text]

This id is editable only when hcxEnabled is true

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--ssh-authorized-keys [text]

One or more public SSH keys to be included in the
*~/.ssh/authorized_keys* file for the default user on each ESXi host,
only when adding new ESXi hosts to this SDDC. Use a newline character
to separate multiple keys. The SSH keys must be in the format required
for the *authorized_keys* file.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
