"request"
*********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Create a new Transfer Appliance


Usage
=====

   oci dts appliance request [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--address1 [text]

Address line 1.

--addressee [text]

Company or person to send the appliance to

--care-of [text]

Place/person to direct the package to.

--city-or-locality [text]

City or Locality.

--country [text]

Country.

--email [text]

Email address.

--job-id [text]

OCID of the Transfer Job

--phone-number [text]

Phone number.

--state-province-region [text]

State or Province or Region.

--zip-postal-code [text]

Zip or Postal Code


Optional Parameters
===================

--address2 [text]

Optional address line 2.

--address3 [text]

Optional address line 3.

--address4 [text]

Optional address line 4.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--setup-notifications

Setup notifications for the transfer appliance

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   CANCELLED, COMPLETE, CUSTOMER_LOST, CUSTOMER_NEVER_RECEIVED, DELETED, DELIVERED, ERROR, FINALIZED, ORACLE_NEVER_RECEIVED, ORACLE_PREPARING, ORACLE_RECEIVED, ORACLE_RECEIVED_CANCELLED, PREPARING, PROCESSING, REJECTED, REQUESTED, RETURN_DELAYED, RETURN_SHIPPED, RETURN_SHIPPED_CANCELLED, SHIPPING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
