"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

For a given compartmentId, resource limit name, and scope, returns the
following:   - the number of available resources associated with the
given limit   - the usage in the selected compartment for the given
limit   Note: not all resource limits support this API. If the value
is not available, the API will return 404.


Usage
=====

   oci limits resource-availability get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment for which data is being fetched.

--limit-name [text]

The limit name for which to fetch the data.

--service-name [text]

The service name of the target quota.


Optional Parameters
===================

--availability-domain [text]

This field is mandatory if the scopeType of the target resource limit
is AD. Otherwise, this field should be omitted. If the above
requirements are not met, the API will return a 400 - InvalidParameter
response.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
