"update-waf"
************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the address rate limiting settings in the Web Application
Firewall configuration for a policy. Rate limiting allows you to
configure a threshold for the number of requests from a unique IP
address for the given period. You can also define the response code
for the requests from the same address that exceed the threshold.


Usage
=====

   oci waas address-rate-limiting update-waf [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--is-enabled [boolean]

Enables or disables the address rate limiting Web Application Firewall
feature.

--waas-policy-id [text]

The OCID of the WAAS policy.


Optional Parameters
===================

--allowed-rate-per-address [integer]

The number of allowed requests per second from one IP address. If
unspecified, defaults to *1*.

--block-response-code [integer]

The response status code returned when a request is blocked. If
unspecified, defaults to *503*. The list of available response codes:
*200*, *201*, *202*, *204*, *206*, *300*, *301*, *302*, *303*, *304*,
*307*, *400*, *401*, *403*, *404*, *405*, *408*, *409*, *411*, *412*,
*413*, *414*, *415*, *416*, *422*, *444*, *499*, *500*, *501*, *502*,
*503*, *504*, *507*.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the *PUT* or *DELETE* call for
a resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from
a previous *GET* or *POST* response for that resource. The resource
will be updated or deleted only if the etag provided matches the
resource's current etag value.

--max-delayed-count-per-address [integer]

The maximum number of requests allowed to be queued before subsequent
requests are dropped. If unspecified, defaults to *10*.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
