"create-kubeconfig"
*******************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Create the Kubeconfig YAML for a cluster.


Usage
=====

   oci ce cluster create-kubeconfig [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--cluster-id [text]

The OCID of the cluster.


Optional Parameters
===================

--expiration [integer]

Deprecated. This field is no longer used.

--file [path]

The name of the file that will be updated with response data, or '-'
to write to STDOUT. [default: ~/.kube/config]

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--kube-endpoint [text]

The endpoint to target. A cluster may have multiple endpoints exposed
but the kubeconfig can only target one at a time. Supported values
LEGACY_KUBERNETES, PUBLIC_ENDPOINT, PRIVATE_ENDPOINT

Accepted values are:

   LEGACY_KUBERNETES, PRIVATE_ENDPOINT, PUBLIC_ENDPOINT

--overwrite

Overwrites the contents of kubeconfig file specified using --file
option or kubeconfig file at default location if --file is not used.

--token-version [text]

The version of the kubeconfig token. Supported value 2.0.0

--token-version [text]

The version of the kubeconfig token. Supported value is 2.0.0

Accepted values are:

   2.0.0


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
