"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Attaches the specified DRG to the specified VCN. A VCN can be attached
to only one DRG at a time, and vice versa. The response includes a
*DrgAttachment* object with its own OCID. For more information about
DRGs, see Dynamic Routing Gateways (DRGs).

You may optionally specify a *display name* for the attachment,
otherwise a default is provided. It does not have to be unique, and
you can change it. Avoid entering confidential information.

For the purposes of access control, the DRG attachment is
automatically placed into the same compartment as the VCN. For more
information about compartments and access control, see Overview of the
IAM Service.


Usage
=====

   oci network drg-attachment create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--drg-id [text]

The OCID of the DRG.

--vcn-id [text]

The OCID of the VCN.


Optional Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique. Avoid entering
confidential information.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--route-table-id [text]

The OCID of the route table the DRG attachment will use.

If you don't specify a route table here, the DRG attachment is created
without an associated route table. The Networking service does NOT
automatically associate the attached VCN's default route table with
the DRG attachment. For information about why you would associate a
route table with a DRG attachment, see:

   * Transit Routing: Access to Multiple VCNs in Same Region   *
     Transit Routing: Private Access to Oracle Services

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ATTACHED, ATTACHING, DETACHED, DETACHING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
