"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates an asynchronous request to add an SSL certificate.


Usage
=====

   oci lb certificate create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--certificate-name [text]

A friendly name for the certificate bundle. It must be unique and it
cannot be changed. Valid certificate bundle names include only
alphanumeric characters, dashes, and underscores. Certificate bundle
names cannot contain spaces. Avoid entering confidential information.

Example:

   example_certificate_bundle

--load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the load balancer on which to add the certificate bundle.


Optional Parameters
===================

--ca-certificate-file [filename]

The Certificate Authority certificate, or any interim certificate,
that you received from your SSL certificate provider.

Example:

   -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
   MIIEczCCA1ugAwIBAgIBADANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQQFAD..AkGA1UEBhMCR0Ix
   EzARBgNVBAgTClNvbWUtU3RhdGUxFDASBgNVBAoTC0..0EgTHRkMTcwNQYD
   VQQLEy5DbGFzcyAxIFB1YmxpYyBQcmltYXJ5IENlcn..XRpb24gQXV0aG9y
   aXR5MRQwEgYDVQQDEwtCZXN0IENBIEx0ZDAeFw0wMD..TUwMTZaFw0wMTAy     ...
   -----END CERTIFICATE-----

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--passphrase [text]

A passphrase for encrypted private keys. This is needed only if you
created your certificate with a passphrase.

--private-key-file [filename]

The SSL private key for your certificate, in PEM format.

Example:

   -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
   jO1O1v2ftXMsawM90tnXwc6xhOAT1gDBC9S8DKeca..JZNUgYYwNS0dP2UK
   tmyN+XqVcAKw4HqVmChXy5b5msu8eIq3uc2NqNVtR..2ksSLukP8pxXcHyb
   +sEwvM4uf8qbnHAqwnOnP9+KV9vds6BaH1eRA4CHz..n+NVZlzBsTxTlS16
   /Umr7wJzVrMqK5sDiSu4WuaaBdqMGfL5hLsTjcBFD..Da2iyQmSKuVD4lIZ     ...
   -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----

--public-certificate-file [filename]

The public certificate, in PEM format, that you received from your SSL
certificate provider.

Example:

   -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
   MIIC2jCCAkMCAg38MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMIGbMQswCQYDVQQGEwJKUDEOMAwG
   A1UECBMFVG9reW8xEDAOBgNVBAcTB0NodW8ta3UxETAPBgNVBAoTCEZyYW5rNERE
   MRgwFgYDVQQLEw9XZWJDZXJ0IFN1cHBvcnQxGDAWBgNVBAMTD0ZyYW5rNEREIFdl
   YiBDQTEjMCEGCSqGSIb3DQEJARYUc3VwcG9ydEBmcmFuazRkZC5jb20wHhcNMTIw
   ...     -----END CERTIFICATE-----

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
