"update"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Updates the configuration of a backend server within the specified
backend set.


Usage
=====

   oci nlb backend update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--backend-name [text]

The name of the backend server to update. This is specified as
<ip>:<port>, or as <ip> <OCID>:<port>.

Example:

   10.0.0.3:8080` or `ocid1.privateip..oc1.<var>&lt;unique_ID&gt;</var>:8080

--backend-set-name [text]

The name of the backend set associated with the backend server.

Example:

   example_backend_set

--network-load-balancer-id [text]

The OCID of the network load balancer to update.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the current
etag value of the resource.

--is-backup [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer should treat this server as a backup
unit. If *true*, then the network load balancer forwards no ingress
traffic to this backend server unless all other backend servers not
marked as "isBackup" fail the health check policy.

Example:

   false

--is-drain [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer should drain this server. Servers
marked "isDrain" receive no incoming traffic.

Example:

   false

--is-offline [boolean]

Whether the network load balancer should treat this server as offline.
Offline servers receive no incoming traffic.

Example:

   false

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.

--weight [integer]

The load balancing policy weight assigned to the server. Backend
servers with a higher weight receive a larger proportion of incoming
traffic. For example, a server weighted '3' receives three times the
number of new connections as a server weighted '1'. For more
information about load balancing policies, see How Load Balancing
Policies Work.

Example:

   3


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
