"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the resource-types supported by compartment bulk actions. Use
this API to help you provide the correct resource-type information to
the BulkDeleteResources and BulkMoveResources operations. The returned
list of resource-types provides the appropriate resource-type names to
use with the bulk action operations along with the type of identifying
information you'll need to provide for each resource-type. Most
resource-types just require an OCID to identify a specific resource,
but some resource-types, such as buckets, require you to provide other
identifying information.


Usage
=====

   oci iam bulk-action-resource-type-collection list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bulk-action-type [text]

The type of bulk action.

Accepted values are:

   BULK_DELETE_RESOURCES, BULK_MOVE_RESOURCES


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a paginated "List" call.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
"List" call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
