"oci"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters


Description
===========

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure command line interface, with support for
Audit, Block Volume, Compute, Database, IAM, Load Balancing,
Networking, DNS, File Storage, Email Delivery and Object Storage
Services.

Most commands must specify a service, followed by a resource type and
then an action. For example, to list users (where $T contains the OCID
of the current tenant):

   oci iam user list --compartment-id $T

Output is in JSON format.

For information on configuration, see
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm.


Usage
=====

   oci


Optional Parameters
===================

--auth [text]

The type of auth to use for the API request. By default the API key in
your config file will be used.  This value can also be provided in the
OCI_CLI_AUTH environment variable.

Accepted values are:

   api_key, instance_obo_user, instance_principal, resource_principal, security_token

--auth-purpose [text]

The The auth purpose which can be used in conjunction with --auth.

--cert-bundle [text]

The full path to a CA certificate bundle to be used for SSL
verification. This will override the default CA certificate bundle.

--config-file [text]

The path to the config file.

-d, --debug

Show additional debug information.

--cli-rc-file, --defaults-file [text]

The path to the OCI CLI-specific configuration file, containing
parameter default values and other configuration information such as
command aliases and predefined queries. The --defaults-file option is
deprecated and you should use the --cli-rc-file option instead.

--endpoint [text]

The value to use as the service endpoint, including any required API
version path. For example: "https://iaas.us-
phoenix-1.oracle.com/20160918". This will override the default service
endpoint / API version path. Note: The --region parameter is the
recommended way of targeting different regions.

--generate-full-command-json-input

Prints out a JSON document which represents all possible options that
can be provided to this command.

This JSON document can be saved to a file, modified with the
appropriate option values, and then passed back via the --from-json
option. This provides an alternative to typing options out on the
command line.

--generate-param-json-input [text]

Complex input, such as arrays and objects, are passed in JSON format.

When passed the name of an option which takes complex input, this will
print out example JSON of what needs to be passed to that option.

-?, -h, --help

For detailed help on the individual OCI CLI command, enter <command>
--help.

--latest-version

Prints latest released version.

--no-retry

Disable retry logic for calls to services.

--output [text]

The output format. [Default is json]

Accepted values are:

   json, table

--profile [text]

The profile in the config file to load. This profile will also be used
to locate any default parameter values which have been specified in
the OCI CLI-specific configuration file.  [default: DEFAULT]

--query [text]

JMESPath query [http://jmespath.org/] to run on the response JSON
before output.

Queries can be entered directly on the command line or referenced from
the [OCI_CLI_COMMAND_ALIASES] section of your configuration file by
using the syntax query://<query_name>, for example
query://get_id_and_name

--raw-output

If the output of a given query is a single string value, this will
return the string without surrounding quotes

--region [text]

The region to make calls against.  For a list of valid region names
use the command: "oci iam region list".

--release-info

Prints ChangeLog difference between current installed version and
latest released version. Please visit
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oracle/oci-cli/master/CHANGELOG.rst
for more info

--opc-request-id, --opc-client-request-id, --request-id [text]

The request id to use for tracking the request.

-v, --version

Show the version and exit.
