"attach-paravirtualized-volume"
*******************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Attaches the specified storage volume to the specified instance.


Usage
=====

   oci compute volume-attachment attach-paravirtualized-volume [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--instance-id [text]

The OCID of the instance.

--volume-id [text]

The OCID of the volume.


Optional Parameters
===================

--device [text]

The device name.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it cannot be
changed. Avoid entering confidential information.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--is-pv-encryption-in-transit-enabled [boolean]

Whether to enable in-transit encryption for the data volume's
paravirtualized attachment. The default value is false.

--is-read-only [boolean]

Whether the attachment was created in read-only mode.

--is-shareable [boolean]

Whether the attachment should be created in shareable mode. If an
attachment is created in shareable mode, then other instances can
attach the same volume, provided that they also create their
attachments in shareable mode. Only certain volume types can be
attached in shareable mode. Defaults to false if not specified.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ATTACHED, ATTACHING, DETACHED, DETACHING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
