"create-cursor"
***************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a cursor. Cursors are used to consume a stream, starting from
a specific point in the partition and going forward from there. You
can create a cursor based on an offset, a time, the trim horizon, or
the most recent message in the stream. As the oldest message inside
the retention period boundary, using the trim horizon effectively lets
you consume all messages in the stream. A cursor based on the most
recent message allows consumption of only messages that are added to
the stream after you create the cursor. Cursors expire five minutes
after you receive them from the service.

The top level --endpoint parameter must be supplied for this
operation.


Usage
=====

   oci streaming stream cursor create-cursor [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--partition [text]

The partition to get messages from.

--stream-id [text]

The OCID of the stream.

--type [text]

The type of cursor, which determines the starting point from which the
stream will be consumed:

* *AFTER_OFFSET:* The partition position immediately following the
  offset you specify. (Offsets are assigned when you successfully
  append a message to a partition in a stream.) - *AT_OFFSET:* The
  exact partition position indicated by the offset you specify. -
  *AT_TIME:* A specific point in time. - *LATEST:* The most recent
  message in the partition that was added after the cursor was
  created. - *TRIM_HORIZON:* The oldest message in the partition that
  is within the retention period window.

Accepted values are:

   AFTER_OFFSET, AT_OFFSET, AT_TIME, LATEST, TRIM_HORIZON


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--offset [integer]

The offset to consume from if the cursor type is *AT_OFFSET* or
*AFTER_OFFSET*.

--time [datetime]

The time to consume from if the cursor type is *AT_TIME*, expressed in
RFC 3339 timestamp format.

   The following datetime formats are supported:

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00.123Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30:00Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T20:30Z

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00.456-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30:00-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30:00-0800

      Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmTZD
      Example: 2017-09-15T12:30-08:00, 2017-09-15T12:30-0800

   The timezone for this date and time will be taken as UTC (Needs to
   be surrounded by single or double quotes)

      Format: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm' or "YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm"
      Example: '2017-09-15 17:25'

   This date will be taken as midnight UTC of that day

      Format: YYYY-MM-DD
      Example: 2017-09-15

      Example: 1412195400


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
