# Publishing Runs

The `runs publish` commands is used to publish runs. A published run
is the public interface to a run. It consists of:

- Run info as formatted files
- Template generated report
- Run files
- Run source code

We'll use the `publish` sample project:

    >>> project = Project(sample("projects/publish"))

First, let's generate a run to publish:

    >>> project.run("op")
    x: 3
    y: 1

Here are our runs:

    >>> project.print_runs(flags=True, status=True)
    op  a=1 b=2  completed

We'll reference the run by its ID:

    >>> run_id = project.list_runs()[0].id

## Customized templates

Projects can define custom templates used in publishing. Templates are
used to generate reports for a published run. Guild supports a
flexible scheme that lets template authors selectively reuse and
override default template parts.

The tests below illustrate techniques that can be applied by custom
templates.

### Extending default and redefining blocks (template `t1`)

Template `t1` extends `publish-default/README.md` and redefines each
block in the default template.

    >>> publish_dest = mkdtemp()

    >>> project.publish(template="t1", dest=publish_dest)
    Publishing [...] op... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

The top-level files generated by publish:

    >>> top_level_files = dir(publish_dest)

Sort to ensure consistent ordering:

    >>> top_level_files.sort(key=lambda x:
    ...     ("\x00" + x) if x in (".guild-nocopy", "README.md") else x)

    >>> top_level_files
    ['.guild-nocopy', 'README.md', '...']

The `...` item above is the published run ID:

    >>> top_level_files[2] == run_id
    True

The `README.md` at the top level is the runs index:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, "README.md"))
    # Published runs
    <BLANKLINE>
    | ID | Operation | Started | Time | Status | Label |
    | -- | --------- | ------- | ---- | ------ | ----- |
    | [...](.../README.md) | op | ... UTC | ... | completed | a=1 b=2 |

The published run files:

    >>> find(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    README.md
    flags.yml
    output.txt
    run.yml
    runfiles.csv
    scalars.csv
    sourcecode.csv
    sourcecode/op.py

These include the template README.md, run data files, and operation
source code (note that operation source code is defined by the
operation as just `op.py`).

Here's the template-generated run report:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    Header
    <BLANKLINE>
    Title
    <BLANKLINE>
    Summary
    <BLANKLINE>
    Contents
    <BLANKLINE>
    Flags
    <BLANKLINE>
    Scalars
    <BLANKLINE>
    Files
    <BLANKLINE>
    Source Code
    <BLANKLINE>
    Output
    <BLANKLINE>
    Footer

### New template with include (template `t2`)

Template `t2` replaces the default entirely but includes the default
flags template `published-default/_flags.md`.

    >>> publish_dest = mkdtemp()

    >>> project.publish(template="t2", dest=publish_dest)
    Publishing [...] op... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

    >>> dir(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    ['README.md',
     'flags.yml',
     'output.txt',
     'run.yml',
     'runfiles.csv',
     'scalars.csv',
     'some_other_file.md',
     'sourcecode',
     'sourcecode.csv']

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    # Totally new report
    <BLANKLINE>
    Run: ...
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Flags (included)
    <BLANKLINE>
    | Name | Value |
    | ---- | ----- |
    | a | 1 |
    | b | 2 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [flags.yml](flags.yml)

### Extend default with block def and redefined include (template `t3`)

Template `t3` extends default and defines header and footer blocks. It
also redefines the `_flags.md` include.

    >>> publish_dest = mkdtemp()

    >>> project.publish(template="t3", dest=publish_dest)
    Publishing [...] op... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

    >>> dir(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    ['README.md',
     'flags.yml',
     'output.txt',
     'run.yml',
     'runfiles.csv',
     'scalars.csv',
     'sourcecode',
     'sourcecode.csv']

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md")) # doctest: +REPORT_UDIFF
    <BLANKLINE>
    Ze header
    <BLANKLINE>
    # op
    <BLANKLINE>
    | ID                   | Operation           | Started                  | Time                | Status           | Label                |
    | --                   | ---------           | ---------                | ----                | ------           | -----                |
    | ... | op | ... UTC | ... | completed | a=1 b=2 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [run.yml](run.yml)
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Contents
    <BLANKLINE>
    - [Flags](#flags)
    - [Scalars](#scalars)
    - [Run Files](#run-files)
    - [Source Code](#source-code)
    - [Output](#output)
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Flags
    <BLANKLINE>
    Redef of flags
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Scalars
    <BLANKLINE>
    | Key | Step | Value |
    | --- | ---- | ----- |
     | x | 0 | 3.0 |
     | y | 0 | 1.0 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [scalars.csv](scalars.csv)
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Run Files
    <BLANKLINE>
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | generated-1.txt | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | generated-2.txt | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Source Code
    <BLANKLINE>
    | Path | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | [op.py](sourcecode/op.py) | ... | ... UTC | ... |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [sourcecode.csv](sourcecode.csv)
    <BLANKLINE>
    ## Output
    <BLANKLINE>
    ```
    x: 3
    y: 1
    ```
    <BLANKLINE>
    [output.txt](output.txt)
    <BLANKLINE>
    Ze footer

### Run files

Template `just-files` includes only the default run file template part
`publish-default/_runfiles.md`. We'll use this template to show how
run file lists are rendered by the default template.

Let's generate a run that includes a source link as well as generates
a new file (see `op3` operation in sample project). We wait a moment
to ensure our sort order below.

    >>> sleep(1)

    >>> project.run("op3")
    Resolving file:src.txt dependency
    x: 3
    y: 1

    >>> run_id = project.list_runs()[0].id

Publish using a `just-files` template (only prints the files table):

    >>> publish_dest = mkdtemp()
    >>> project.publish(["1"], template="just-files", dest=publish_dest)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

Here are the published files:

    >>> find(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    README.md
    flags.yml
    output.txt
    run.yml
    runfiles.csv
    scalars.csv
    sourcecode.csv
    sourcecode/op.py

And the generated report:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | generated-1.txt | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | generated-2.txt | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    | link.txt | file link | 6 | ... UTC | 09f7e02f1290be211da707a266f153b3 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)

Note that the file type for `link.txt` is a file link. Note also that
neither of the run files contain hyperlinks to their sources. That's
because the published run doesn't contain either run file.

#### Include files

Let's publish again using the `files` flag, which tells Guild to
publish files associated with the run:

    >>> project.publish(["1"],
    ...   template="just-files",
    ...   dest=publish_dest,
    ...   files=True)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

This time the published run contains `generated-1.txt`:

    >>> find(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    README.md
    flags.yml
    output.txt
    run.yml
    runfiles.csv
    runfiles/generated-1.txt
    scalars.csv
    sourcecode.csv
    sourcecode/op.py

And the report contains the applicable hyperlink:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | [generated-1.txt](runfiles/generated-1.txt) | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | generated-2.txt | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    | link.txt | file link | 6 | ... UTC | 09f7e02f1290be211da707a266f153b3 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)

Note that the published run does *not* contain `generated-2.txt`. This
is because `op3` specifies that `*.txt` be excluded from a published
files. Project authors can use this facility to control which files
are published and which are not.

#### Include all files

We can force all files to be published, including those that would
otherwise be excluded by an operation, by publishing with the
`all_files` flag:

    >>> project.publish(["1"],
    ...   template="just-files",
    ...   dest=publish_dest,
    ...   all_files=True)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

The published run now contains both generated files:

    >>> find(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    README.md
    flags.yml
    output.txt
    run.yml
    runfiles.csv
    runfiles/generated-1.txt
    runfiles/generated-2.txt
    scalars.csv
    sourcecode.csv
    sourcecode/op.py

 And the report contains the applicable hyperlinks:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | [generated-1.txt](runfiles/generated-1.txt) | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | [generated-2.txt](runfiles/generated-2.txt) | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    | link.txt | file link | 6 | ... UTC | 09f7e02f1290be211da707a266f153b3 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)

Note that `link.txt` is still not included in the published run
files. This is because Guild does not publish links by default. To
publish links, we must included the `include_links` flag.

#### Include links

Publish including links:

    >>> project.publish(["1"],
    ...   template="just-files",
    ...   dest=publish_dest,
    ...   include_links=True)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

The files now contain `link.txt` as well as `generated-1.txt`:

    >>> find(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    README.md
    flags.yml
    output.txt
    run.yml
    runfiles.csv
    runfiles/generated-1.txt
    runfiles/link.txt
    scalars.csv
    sourcecode.csv
    sourcecode/op.py

And the generated report contains the applicable links:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | [generated-1.txt](runfiles/generated-1.txt) | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | generated-2.txt | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    | [link.txt](runfiles/link.txt) | file link | 6 | ... UTC | 09f7e02f1290be211da707a266f153b3 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)

The use of `include_links` implies `files` flag. We can force all
files, including links, to be published by specifying both
`include_link` and `all_files` flags:

#### All files and links

Publish all files and links:

    >>> project.publish(["1"],
    ...   template="just-files",
    ...   dest=publish_dest,
    ...   all_files=True,
    ...   include_links=True)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

Now all files are published:

    >>> find(path(publish_dest, run_id))
    README.md
    flags.yml
    output.txt
    run.yml
    runfiles.csv
    runfiles/generated-1.txt
    runfiles/generated-2.txt
    runfiles/link.txt
    scalars.csv
    sourcecode.csv
    sourcecode/op.py

And each file has a hyperlink in the generated report:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | [generated-1.txt](runfiles/generated-1.txt) | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | [generated-2.txt](runfiles/generated-2.txt) | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    | [link.txt](runfiles/link.txt) | file link | 6 | ... UTC | 09f7e02f1290be211da707a266f153b3 |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)

#### Missing link targets

NOTE: This test modifies the run directory for `run_id`.

If the link target is missing (e.g. it was deleted), the table shows
that it's missing.

To illustrate, we'll modify the run link to reference a non-existing
file:

    >>> link_path = path(project.guild_home, "runs", run_id, "link.txt")
    >>> os.remove(link_path)
    >>> os.symlink(path(project.cwd, "not-existing"), link_path)

Let's publish:

    >>> project.publish(["1"], template="just-files", dest=publish_dest)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

The generated report contains the link reference, but does not contain
target file details:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, run_id, "README.md"))
    | Path | Type | Size | Modified | MD5 |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- | --- |
    | generated-1.txt | file | 5 | ... UTC | 8c8432c5523c8507a5ec3b1ae3ab364f |
    | generated-2.txt | file | 9 | ... UTC | 7cbef5232b2e916eccc41d756d05035f |
    | link.txt | link |  |  |  |
    <BLANKLINE>
    [runfiles.csv](runfiles.csv)

    >>> publish_dest = mkdtemp()

## Custom runs index

We can specify an alternative index template with `index_template`.

Here's a new publish dir:

    >>> publish_dest = mkdtemp()

Publish the runs:

    >>> project.publish(
    ...     template="t1",
    ...     index_template="index-t1",
    ...     dest=publish_dest)
    Publishing [...] op3... using ...
    Publishing [...] op... using ...
    Refreshing runs index
    Published runs using ...

And the custom index:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, "README.md"))
    A custom runs index!
    <BLANKLINE>
    - [...](.../README.md) - op3
    - [...](.../README.md) - op

You can specify the template as a file as well:

    >>> project.publish(
    ...     refresh_index=True,
    ...     index_template="index-t2/TEMPLATE.md",
    ...     dest=publish_dest)
    Refreshing runs index in ...
    Published runs using ...K

The updated index:

    >>> cat(path(publish_dest, "README.md"))
    Yet another index:
    <BLANKLINE>
    - [...](.../README.md) - op3
    - [...](.../README.md) - op
