"bulk-delete"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Deletes the specified tag key definitions. This operation triggers a
process that removes the tags from all resources in your tenancy. The
tag key definitions must be within the same tag namespace.

The following actions happen immediately: Â    * If the tag is a cost-
tracking tag, the tag no longer counts against your   10 cost-tracking
tags limit, even if you do not disable the tag before running this
operation.   * If the tag is used with dynamic groups, the rules that
contain the tag are no longer   evaluated against the tag.

After you start this operation, the state of the tag changes to
DELETING, and tag removal from resources begins. This process can take
up to 48 hours depending on the number of resources that are tagged
and the regions in which those resources reside.

When all tags have been removed, the state changes to DELETED. You
cannot restore a deleted tag. After the tag state changes to DELETED,
you can use the same tag name again.

After you start this operation, you cannot start either the DeleteTag
or the CascadeDeleteTagNamespace operation until this process
completes.

In order to delete tags, you must first retire the tags. Use UpdateTag
to retire a tag.


Usage
=====

   oci iam tag bulk-delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--tag-definition-ids [complex type]

The OCIDs of the tag definitions to delete This is a complex type
whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string
on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
to see if it has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state".
Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
