"rename"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Rename an object in the given Object Storage namespace.

See Object Names for object naming requirements.


Usage
=====

   oci os object rename [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--bucket-name, --bucket, -bn [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*

--new-name [text]

The new name of the source object. Avoid entering confidential
information.

--source-name, --name [text]

The name of the source object to be renamed.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--namespace-name, --namespace, -ns [text]

The Object Storage namespace used for the request. If not provided,
this parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns
get'

--new-obj-if-match-e-tag, --new-if-match [text]

The if-match entity tag (ETag) of the new object.

--new-obj-if-none-match-e-tag, --new-if-none-match [text]

The if-none-match entity tag (ETag) of the new object.

--src-obj-if-match-e-tag, --src-if-match [text]

The if-match entity tag (ETag) of the source object.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
