"restore"
*********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Restores one or more objects specified by the objectName parameter. By
default objects will be restored for 24 hours. Duration can be
configured using the hours parameter.


Usage
=====

   oci os object restore [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket. Avoid entering confidential information.
Example: *my-new-bucket1*

--name [text]

A object which was in an archived state and need to be restored.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hours [integer]

The number of hours for which this object will be restored. By default
objects will be restored for 24 hours. You can instead configure the
duration using the hours parameter.

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns get'

--version-id [text]

The versionId of the object to restore. Current object version is used
by default.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
