"resume-put"
************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Resume a previous multipart put.

Example:
   oci os object resume-put -ns mynamespace -bn mybucket --name
   myfile.txt --file /Users/me/myfile.txt --upload-id my-upload-id


Usage
=====

   oci os object resume-put [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket.

--file [filename]

The file to load as the content of the object.

--upload-id [text]

Upload ID to resume.


Optional Parameters
===================

--disable-parallel-uploads

If the object will be uploaded in multiple parts, this option disables
those parts from being uploaded in parallel.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--name [text]

The name of the object. Default value is the filename excluding the
path.

-ns, --namespace, --namespace-name [text]

The top-level namespace used for the request. If not provided, this
parameter will be obtained internally using a call to 'oci os ns get'

--parallel-upload-count [integer range]

This option allows you to specify the maximum number of parts that can
be uploaded in parallel. This option cannot be used with --disable-
parallel-uploads. Defaults to 3 and the maximum is 1000.

--part-size [integer]

Part size in MiB


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
