"assemble-effective-tag-set"
****************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Assembles tag defaults in the specified compartment and any parent
compartments to determine the tags to apply. Tag defaults from parent
compartments do not override tag defaults referencing the same tag in
a compartment lower down the hierarchy. This set of tag defaults
includes all tag defaults from the current compartment back to the
root compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci iam tag-default assemble-effective-tag-set [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment (remember that the tenancy is simply the
root compartment).


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to only return resources that match the given lifecycle
state.  The state value is case-insensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
