"recommendations"
*****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Returns a list of recommendations for the given object and
recommendation type. By default, it will return inferred
recommendations for review. The optional query param
'RecommendationStatus' can be set, to return only recommendations
having that status.


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog catalog recommendations [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--recommendation-type [text]

A filter used to return only recommendations of the specified type.

Accepted values are:

   LINK_GLOSSARY_TERM

--source-object-key [text]

A filter used to provide the unique identifier of the source object,
for which a list of recommendations will be returned for review.

--source-object-type [text]

A filter used to provide the type of the source object, for which a
list of recommendations will be returned for review.

Accepted values are:

   ATTRIBUTE, CATEGORY, DATA_ENTITY, TERM


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--recommendation-status [text]

A filter used to return only recommendations having the requested
status.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, INFERRED, REJECTED


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
