"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Lists the PrivateIp objects based on one of these filters:

    - Subnet OCID. - VNIC OCID. - Both private IP address and subnet
   OCID: This lets you get a *privateIP* object

      based on its private IP address (for example, 10.0.3.3)  and not
      its OCID. For comparison, GetPrivateIp requires the OCID.

If you're listing all the private IPs associated with a given subnet
or VNIC, the response includes both primary and secondary private IPs.


Usage
=====

   oci network private-ip list [OPTIONS]


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--ip-address [text]

An IP address. This could be either IPv4 or IPv6, depending on the
resource. Example: *10.0.3.3*

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of results per page, or items
to return in a paginated "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

Example:

   50

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value of the *opc-next-page* response header
from the previous "List" call. For important details about how
pagination works, see List Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the subnet.

--vlan-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN.

--vnic-id [text]

The OCID of the VNIC.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
