"from-object"
*************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Imports an exported image from the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Object
Storage Service using the namespace, bucket name, and object name to
identify the location to import from.

For more information about importing exported images, see Image
Import/Export.

You may optionally specify a display name for the image, which is
simply a friendly name or description. It does not have to be unique,
and you can change it. See UpdateImage. Avoid entering confidential
information.


Usage
=====

   oci compute image import from-object [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

-bn, --bucket-name [text]

The name of the bucket to import the image from.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment you want the image to be created in.

--name [text]

The name of the object identifying the image to import.

-ns, --namespace [text]

The Object Storage Service namespace to import the image from.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name for the image. It does not have to be unique, and
it's changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.

You cannot use an Oracle-provided image name as a custom image name.

Example:

   My Oracle Linux image

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--launch-mode [text]

Specifies the configuration mode for launching virtual machine (VM)
instances. The configuration modes are: * *NATIVE* - VM instances
launch with paravirtualized boot and VFIO devices. The default value
for Oracle-provided images. * *EMULATED* - VM instances launch with
emulated devices, such as the E1000 network driver and emulated SCSI
disk controller. * *PARAVIRTUALIZED* - VM instances launch with
paravirtualized devices using VirtIO drivers. * *CUSTOM* - VM
instances launch with custom configuration settings specified in the
*LaunchOptions* parameter.

Accepted values are:

   CUSTOM, EMULATED, NATIVE, PARAVIRTUALIZED

--operating-system [text]

The image's operating system.

Example:

   Oracle Linux

--operating-system-version [text]

The image's operating system version.

Example:

   7.2

--source-image-type [text]

The format of the image to be imported. Exported Oracle images are
QCOW2. Only monolithic images are supported.

Accepted values are:

   QCOW2, VMDK


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
