"invoke"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Invokes a function


Usage
=====

   oci fn function invoke [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--body [text]

The body of the function invocation. Note: The maximum size of the
request is limited. This limit is currently 6MB and the endpoint will
not accept requests that are bigger than this limit.

--file [filename]

The name of the file that will receive the response data, or '-' to
write to STDOUT.

--function-id [text]

The OCID of this function.


Optional Parameters
===================

--fn-intent [text]

An optional intent header that indicates to the FDK the way the event
should be interpreted. E.g. 'httprequest', 'cloudevent'.

Accepted values are:

   cloudevent, httprequest

--fn-invoke-type [text]

Indicates whether the functions platform should execute the request
directly and return the result ('sync') or whether the platform should
enqueue the request for later processing and acknowledge that it has
been processed ('detached').

Accepted values are:

   detached, sync

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
