"delete"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Deletes all records at the specified zone and domain.


Usage
=====

   oci dns record domain delete [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--domain [text]

The target fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) within the target zone.

--zone-name-or-id [text]

The name or OCID of the target zone.


Optional Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment the resource belongs to.

--force

Perform deletion without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

The *If-Match* header field makes the request method conditional on
the existence of at least one current representation of the target
resource, when the field-value is ***, or having a current
representation of the target resource that has an entity-tag matching
a member of the list of entity-tags provided in the field-value.

--if-unmodified-since [text]

The *If-Unmodified-Since* header field makes the request method
conditional on the selected representation's last modification date
being earlier than or equal to the date provided in the field-value.
This field accomplishes the same purpose as If-Match for cases where
the user agent does not have an entity-tag for the representation.

--scope [text]

Specifies to operate only on resources that have a matching DNS scope.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, PRIVATE

--view-id [text]

The OCID of the view the resource is associated with.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
