"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Gets a list of all records at the specified zone and domain. The
results are sorted by *rtype* in alphabetical order by default. You
can optionally filter and/or sort the results using the listed
parameters.


Usage
=====

   oci dns record domain get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--domain [text]

The target fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) within the target zone.

--zone-name-or-id [text]

The name or OCID of the target zone.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment the resource belongs to.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-modified-since [text]

The *If-Modified-Since* header field makes a GET or HEAD request
method conditional on the selected representation's modification date
being more recent than the date provided in the field-value.  Transfer
of the selected representation's data is avoided if that data has not
changed.

--if-none-match [text]

The *If-None-Match* header field makes the request method conditional
on the absence of any current representation of the target resource,
when the field-value is ***, or having a selected representation with
an entity-tag that does not match any of those listed in the field-
value.

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return in a page of the collection.

--page [text]

The value of the *opc-next-page* response header from the previous
"List" call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--rtype [text]

Search by record type. Will match any record whose type (case-
insensitive) equals the provided value.

--scope [text]

Specifies to operate only on resources that have a matching DNS scope.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, PRIVATE

--sort-by [text]

The field by which to sort records.

Accepted values are:

   rtype, ttl

--sort-order [text]

The order to sort the resources.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--view-id [text]

The OCID of the view the resource is associated with.

--zone-version [text]

The version of the zone for which data is requested.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
