"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters


Description
===========

Creates a new attachment between a steering policy and a domain,
giving the policy permission to answer queries for the specified
domain. A steering policy must be attached to a domain for the policy
to answer DNS queries for that domain.

For the purposes of access control, the attachment is automatically
placed into the same compartment as the domain's zone.


Usage
=====

   oci dns steering-policy-attachment create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--domain-name [text]

The attached domain within the attached zone.

--steering-policy-id [text]

The OCID of the attached steering policy.

--zone-id [text]

The OCID of the attached zone.


Optional Parameters
===================

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly name for the steering policy attachment. Does not have
to be unique and can be changed. Avoid entering confidential
information.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--scope [text]

Specifies to operate only on resources that have a matching DNS scope.

Accepted values are:

   GLOBAL, PRIVATE

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource to
see if it has reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-
state". Defaults to 30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
